You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress it as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
Today I'm here to talk to you about circles and spirituals.
And you know that an epidemic generally is something that fell to you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's a painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolf.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the middle school in the middle school, in State, Ohio.
When they were beaten to bleed every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to go into the base of the teacher room.
He did it in secret.
Three years old.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California, I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half a night I received a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post he said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we never get to know them.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to love this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clinton.
We went to see it, we laugh, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we intervened, and we take it up and we get away from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something that we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, he became a channel box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you about is that it was presented in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today to talk about this.
It also needs to be dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first temporary.
I was amazed.
My heart dropped fast, I was struggled, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The temporary ones around me came out of the water almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't more than thinking that it was a snowball on another box of snow year after year.
The temples are born when they get rid of glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to be regretted and attached to the end, whereas others can't support it more and deliver in an argument of dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a temperature, that are separated separated and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a temporary there, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is delivered to release rich water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I get closer to photograph these shoes as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments exist that way, and won't be going to exist that again.
It's not the death when they drop down, it's not an end, but a continuation of your path for the cycle of life.
Some of the ice ice that photography is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
Another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a iceberg that I photographed in Keranzers, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to really get to present a round temperature.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rounding, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a iceberg of Greenland, average size.
It was about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so the temple shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them being a baby.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this scenario, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
They both come up and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of the anatomy, I work with the story.
I'm a story for training, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- you know, human bodies and animal bodies have considered the body fluids -- the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I want to do in my work is activist, as a patient defense, or, as I say sometimes impact with people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical characteristics challenge social rules.
I've been working with, for example, with size twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with animals, much more low than average.
And I've worked with many cases of attitudes with atheists, individuals whose physical phone does not fit in the conventional male and female schools.
In general lines, we can call it intelligent.
The intelligence adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with the 21st Christian base of the chromosome of the chromosome and tells the protestands, which we all have in the fatal life, which becomes testers.
And then, in the physical life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of aesthetic receivers, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sustainable submarine to the animals.
So, there are high levels of testosterone. But without reaction there.
As a result, the body develops following a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a little girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the signals, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is going on.
After making it examples you realize that instead of having a controversial and the uterus actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, have in the body something called super-making global.
They're in the back of the body.
Superstar glands produce analogous, the hormone of machine.
Most women like me consider a typical woman, doesn't know their criminal structure, I believe to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the animals.
We produce animals and we respond to the animals.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed to the adults that the woman who was born with tests that have the support of annual angers.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intellectual ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a variety, and he had a little boy, and sexual relationships with her, he had a life as a kid, and I had just discovered that he had ovarian and Tune.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a subjective super-making hypothesis.
He had chromosomes 20th, and in the uterus the super-made glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their grandchildren were malicious, their brain was exposed to the hormone the typical male component.
I was born with a child, nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal memory, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with the 20th develop what's known as operations, so they have official tissue wrapped in testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're engineers, system samples, or intellectual surgeries, they get to normal surgery not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- of course, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
An incredibly simplistic idea.
And when you present us a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with categories.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people inside a body.
The recent case is last year with the South African corridor, Casterian Sembo, put in the top of the judgment in the Bernona International Games.
A lot of reporters called to ask me, "What do you test to do to determine whether Castina Sex is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or between men and women and intellectuals and intellectuals -- are us who translate that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more progress the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identificating categories -- are much more diverse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out a lot more complicated than the technology enables you.
As you see, we get into a written terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to operate from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area in which we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the letters of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very accelerated discussions today -- not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to take them to this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of the nose put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were still moved yet.
If I stopped moving the business.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To tell you that these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an administrative fervent from the Fartha Foundations.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, which I find each so much looking at that music is "Boy 1776, and not for the music, which is totally specific.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Foundations Foundation.
The Foundation Forest was, for me, the first anatomics of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as they all remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of the animal.
The elderly monsters didn't know DNA, but they had the idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the political power of blood transportation to the father and then the son, etc.
The Foundation Fords rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They were linking the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a signature system where two things were managing.
It was making democracy and at the same time that science.
And it is very clear: if we look at the history of the Forders Forces, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were distinguished from the supernatural explanations, and so they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vagina idea of the birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Indian, they talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were transmitting the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think of it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women translated.
Then he came up with the Civil Rights Movement with people from the County Tributh, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the rights of the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that went to the analytical coincidence about anatomical difference and, again, they trip.
We see the same with the Disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the conditions, we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we had to give us to give us to the anatomy of the analogy.
I don't mean that five years old were allowed to have sex relationships or their charity.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense, and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two concerts of the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in 1970 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, the one of June 1, 1980.
Henry on the opposite, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed all the right three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We find other rights in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's 21, in virtue of being considered a man now is a passion of the mandatory underwater that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary on its part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in every state for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still have analytical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science went so far in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a demonstration based on anatomy could be disappeared?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scared.
Where do we go?
It seems like what's happening in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a weird position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman you have to have chemicals.
Now, in practice they don't make chemical tests.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the inspiration syndrome to the animals.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King in his speech, "I have a solution offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people by looking not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy, going further.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do that?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I am not sure we should be based on this to guarantee the rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some gender genders that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the labs that I know can make more information and material decisions about their sex relationships that I know.
So how do you put it in practice the subject of the container content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point here?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to continue this resource of thinking relative to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to support a sex change, in which case they live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I had made light twins and then separate them to the family.
But when the phone asked her the operation of the operation, it was a very risky operation, and he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very marriage, and so I had to do it.
And he said, "Well, has you considered the political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the welfare of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to conclude, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we'd given greater participation to the Mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about translational studies is that women on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the phase, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was feeling feminist -- like now. It made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has from female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the female."
But the more I think about his question, the more it has seemed to be something female in the feminist of them.
I mean, there might be something on average, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very aware to find the way to protect people from part of the state, it's possible that, of having invaded more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with refrigerator support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect meeting, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go live and work, you have the ability to choose between the least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, at this point we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily give the world tens of them, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replicate them for apartment buildings.
Imagine half of those who want to live in apartments already were property, and that the other half would still be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make expanded in every existing building.
But you know the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the angers and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to make all those striking.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place facilitate building instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new resources of enough reform enough to contain cities and give them a name, underground cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Japanese and October were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 honest would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, the surface of a deliberate constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peru Loud was absolutely impressed with a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of captain.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfectionism, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of change under statue to their more fundamental ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those norms that say you can't go and throw all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs so much of technologies and norms to progress -- and usually it's the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to October a link with the TEDTalk.
He showed him to Japanese.
They called me.
They said, "Let's give this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- the ground that in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk is described in very simple terms that a state under strategy is a place where you start with studied land, a strategy that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So President of Honorscopes called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denmark, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denmark.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everyone applaud correlator.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The contract leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this on my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing, that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be in Honds, instead of hundreds of miles away north.
And it will also include new options for leaders.
Because the Hondon't government leaders need to help computer countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that will help them to establish and make the state standards, so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively complimenting.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily address about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after, the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to emerge their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the vote in the Congress in favor of this constitutional emission was 124 to one.
All parties -- all the factors in society, they replaced.
To include in the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another vote, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the vote, 21 to 24, a deliberation of about 30 honors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea -- it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come and then allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow her Court to be the last instant trial for this new judicial system.
There are artists and constructions of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people who say you would like to change the other place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a job, sometimes they are a single mother that they have to earn money to eat or buy clothing.
Sadly, sometimes even there are kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to be thinking about the building of a new city in Hondon's construction?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What seems to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public conflict, and it's that I live obsessed with the brokes.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog browser travel, colorful and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of second balls and second sense stores.
Oh, thank you.
Second hand stores allow me to reduce my fight impact on the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My appearance is unique, and buying becomes my personal quest of testes.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Being from my stuff?
Will I like color like color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I packaged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring with someone who has all that color?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
The inner clothes for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after you get here to Palm Spains.
And since you don't know me as the woman walking on TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the questions for this week.
Isn't it cool?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that I believe or not, I have learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the donor.
This is called brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost always can see them phenomenal.
All of the together, including the tapir, cost 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Langs: The color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be in bad mood, when you're looking at a brilliant red paradise.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars is surreality.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand you, they'll also appreciate you.
Microsoft -- the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the failures, or I remind you of their little seven years.
I like to hold you and say, "Thank you."
Jession: trust is key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you're not good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside you don't see you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Self-deliberation, a universal truth six words for you: The dramatic legal leaders go with everything.
And finally, side," develop a personal style, and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week just by what he was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because it comes back from the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright browser, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who is completely intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them would operate by one of these extremes, but I think for most of the interviews in this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great altitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they are mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most other experimental quantum physical physicists, we need pretty much logical to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We put them to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed with the past of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only somewhere at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, you develop it.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, she always carried.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars play with these strange particles.
And when you play with their particles, you find that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like that they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they call it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point it was the physics some years ago, and you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That's not very good at my intuition. And maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't fit right to my logical side.
Because if everything is made from small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a supermarket of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend a little bit. It's right at the center.
And then we do a pretty big approach to the little metal three-dimensional.
So what we see is a little bit of metal that we see with a springboard and that it supports on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way as a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this organic pilot form that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shows it and the wind that happens on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this period of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
That's what we did.
We turned out the lights and then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air and then cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're only in the elephant, the little piece of metal is free to act as you like.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I violent it was like a breath of this shape -- as a flight that expands and contributed.
And when you give it a smooth push -- we could make it open and that don't fly at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and no volcano at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the tributes of atoms that make that piece of metal are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down to the bottom.
It's just in disabled decline when those are algerial.
In the rest of time, they're decentriched.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which at the same time means that the whole piece of metal.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting me into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look, the difference on scale between one atom and that picture of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was deliberated in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- seemingly all objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics about the quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amistant.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories -- you assure it, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education of a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than I show you the demo to explain to them a couple of interesting things that we've conducted from their launch.
So, simply, we go to Goldman.
Look around all the museums that are there.
There's the Muslim galaxy, the MoMA, the Ebola, the RexFAR, the Van Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metrodom, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and film, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bobby or Mexico, that actually doesn't matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum.
We open up the plane on top, and with one click we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep going. You get fun."
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The President of Peace Browness in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign of the sense.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metabolic information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call geographic technology.
So this picture, for example, is -- I think, about 10 million poles.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million penetrations?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pengued.
It can be a shot around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to deal.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that children were actually playing something.
I did a little bit of research, I talked to some people in the Metronound, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "predatory," which is to hit one ocean with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to get more in deep and see that you can actually get the cracks up.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go away the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorites, "The night Island."
The example I showed you was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pinked penguins?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this master work?
I increase it and really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the student night, I think I had never seen it like this before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Colleges."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a magnetic, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum to create your own collection of all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I've created this function that I call "The Power of "The "Routy," -- we just made a zooming around.
It's about "The National Gallery in London.
You can announced things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces in the control.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even that they don't even come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle does justice to its artwork.
And the big question you ask me today is, "Did you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ...
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pink, a flying poll.
In our lab we call it responsive design.
So let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture. I'm an Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting is something very interesting in the Farmer 1 careers, in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a Farma one, you took a budget and you put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an acrony.
Today what's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and active.
Adopting cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a show of Pale Antarctica for late year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Talk To Mario."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actors.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old Golden Miller dream.
You know, when Michael Angeles sculpt the Moses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit of ball underneath -- and he said, "Do you not speak -- "Why don't you speak?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with determining.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer, 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup, in the world.
Perhaps some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Middle Middle of the head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened on the net.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Tree River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early evening there are people here and there making call, moving.
It starts the party, silence.
Glass from France. Glass of Italy.
For performance, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the return time.
First additional time.
Zips, and in a moment, the head.
He won Italy, yeah.
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big pick.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of the control.
And then everyone came down.
You see the image of the place called City Massachusetts where, from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we couldn't do a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things that we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its way through the system.
We started with a volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently over a year, to label what they were attaching, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are going to be shooting.
Then we put a little chip on them, a tag at the garbage and then we started to reach it.
These are the results that we had.
Part of Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we draw doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we get one day still goes on there.
That if we show people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asian Bibirma, could tell us much more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, who came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was: imagine you have a chaos and values, solar values, lenses that open up and shut down.
It creates like a water corner, with water polices.
If you fall off the pixels you can write in them, to show patterns images, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bello.
He liked a lot.
And it has a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Experience.
We call it Digital Water Palestinian.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach you open up for you to happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salary, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappear, like in this case.
These days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Delusion the building.
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when you lower almost all architecture goes away.
Here it is working.
You see people intrigued by what's inside.
And here I am trying to not get to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All Parkinson's children came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up to let go, but a building that kept making cortex and water holes, and you had to jump out not to get wet.
(Music noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of using our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical polices, water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the polls.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pinshaps in 3D that you can zoom in, and you're going to go around, and see from very different angles.
This is the real control family, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boll -- one of the world's best dancers today, the New York School star and the Milos School to capture their 3D movements and use them as a foreign for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing down.
On the left you see the polishing, the capture in different solutions.
It's so much digital digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the poles, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible interpretation for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds, like the bread of big, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody donated a little bit for a pink.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened in the last two decades, in the last two decades, we move from physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the adventure power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are polls.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered penetrations.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012, and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb as a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital father at night, but most importantly is to be a new experience for anyone who's going to go to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more exact and faster.
Or you might like to be in better ways, to be stronger to be more resolution.
Would you like to be more attractive and insurance of themselves?
How about a good health?
Or maybe it's from those people who always want to be more creative.
What would you like to like it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience: Crossing Audience: Creativity.
How many people will choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. It was probably due to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you will choose the memory.
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this that the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a person here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great CEO of the 20th century, TED Johania, who was in addition to the Russian Organization Russia, wrote a test called "Nothing in biology makes sense except to live light."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an extreme one, it is, of course, the most interested.
We derived from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the internal there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homes.
Some of them have gone back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically unique, that it comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the more bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Dams plant the tape of the trial -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, family, it's very accelerated.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort from their parts.
It's really like a quick game for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some forced assumption to the grid.
But, by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or destined to become something different, which is perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, animal kingdom, as one and only companies and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entrepreneurial part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
He was fascinated by the electricity and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in single-celled organisms, each cell is just divided, and all of the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to both of the two daughters.
But when the multi-tough organisms show up, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction, the rest of the body becomes a presentational behavior.
In fact, you could say that the inertia of death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex, death death -- seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that was happening, I had more and more doubts.
I got to understand George Burnes feelings, who still acted in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of he finds a magnificent little dancer.
He looks at it, and he says, "Come to look for a sex supply.
"Okay, George says, "I choose the super."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradictive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
He wanted us to get healthy.
I wanted to regain health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution consists of moving the genome into the next generation, adapting and supporting generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic payload to the next orbit level, and then let me fall to sea.
I think we will all understand the feeling that you express Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to get immortality through my job.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the even more intelligent and even the smarter.
Evolution favors the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the training bacteria that can survive the heat of the fuel in the fundamental funding that would produce if there were fish there, fish cooking on the cow, yet they've managed to make that an acceleration environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been disappointed and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confided our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrate, and we contribute so much that you can't have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that it produces an evolution of traditional type, natural guy, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the galaxies of evolution are going to be affected, but they're inconsequently.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species we collaborate distant planets are going to exist isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- a attractive and intriguing possibility and terrifying.
The neighborhood newspaper, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First of all, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variation than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and family levels.
Think also that if you can be able to choose not just the sex of its desert, but in your own body to make the genetic adjust to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the application?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and Demo 13.
It cost 2.5 million dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make the human genome reality for 100,000 and it will be more and more to reach of everyone.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect them from themselves, but they're going to drive immune against other viruses.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against influenza.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes."
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their disorder?
What if they could change sperm and values, or change the value of the value, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the hydrogen, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children.
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt hyper-controlled surgeries, a better memory.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Ken Jones on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster motivation muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be aristocracy.
And when we are in conditions of doing this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes we want to make the evolution of before in the newspaper.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it at 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to be in front of them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more consideration?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more university or more really and more very secret?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing of all of all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions seriously serious?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing click, clear, clean.
Clinic, clear, clean, clean. Sounds scary.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already watched the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot Alice the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
The engines off.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most disappointed words I've heard.
He said, "Presentation for impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was terrified.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later on, I came up with a phrase, which is, "Collection came bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to speed anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we evolved the George Washington Bridge Bridge, which wasn't for much -- I thought about it, I really feel a great move.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes have tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And then the time that I wasted on things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
He feels wonderful.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is down, "Oh 14, 14.
You see water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly forward."
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those papers.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, I don't get fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness is shown in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of artistic talent --  --  -- and I scream, clothes, like a little one.
And for me, that was all the reason of being the world.
And at that point, I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was considered a miracle, not to die that day.
And I was given another gift that was the ability to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenges you imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please don't be like that, but imagine, and how would you change?
What would you do, you still wait to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How would you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graduates in the '80s.
And one day she came home after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a little bit in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TED has a total parallel today.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony to TED, and to his cause.
So I went and reunited with her brother and father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and that he will be able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I saw Stephen Hawking, isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you're important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Do anybody see the movie "Floritation and the Marshall."
They communicate in that way. They are being married with the finger.
I said, "That's archael. How can it be?"
So I was introduced with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the treatment," Tony is going to speak, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous, someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it."
So I spoke in a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Grant Larga, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser point, they draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and very much moving things on one side to another, we had done a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And, seriously, it is the most fun. I call it Al You Because when you talk to the guy with the guy, you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all the corner of the planet -- our home.
My wife, the children and I, moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and consumers took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid and when we were going to have taken off the frames of the wall and in their place, they would have graduated.
But for two weeks, we went to the mission of Venus, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Hypergrane "Clickier: You can see the description here.
They're a couple of cheap suggestions that we buy in the mission of Venezue Beach, some copper wire and Homo Deceptime and Radio Shake.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- you build yourself yourself, you publish the code free -- the software goes down in a free way.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is somebody else's room, and that's its room.
There was all this bullet and ant during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of the whole night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and is looking through the support system of their life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking outside the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends and imagine what was the feeling of the parking feeling.
The funny thing was that we had to breathe in parking so that we feel like we were learning the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater, and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathe."
Isn't that wonderful?
In a way, that's our graph of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Magic display.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong took something about us, and then, in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the best 50 inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up the circle -- is that in April this year at the McCopen Menor in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Streets in Streets."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best exposures from urban urban art, Shirand Fabrian, Canadas.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Sculptoned. Nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible. Anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something and partnered with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel to do -- if it's not now, when -- and if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years researching in a very difficult situation and at the same time as a dangerous story.
I went to jail.
I worked on a coal mine.
I filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- funny at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I've been diving in situations in a terrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entire and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the parallel wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard of it, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took a bird in Erion.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I showed on sale the names of my TED TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the following: "The BMW Prosperos Present, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and the content could explode it on the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company when I do it.
But I said, it's a very good media opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a play in progress, by the way.
So even with that salt I knew someone was going to buy the right name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you about certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we tested the world of marketing, from advertising.
And as I said before, I've got myself in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate it, for something as difficult or as dangerous as going into the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Super" -- I want to make a film that is about the protocol of product and marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with product of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The Marine Move Every Severe."
What happens in "The biggest film ever sold is that everything from top down to end has brand images, all the time, from the automation that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Brutal State, the States Center.
These people are going to be associated with film to perfect forever.
And so the film explores this whole idea. (Machine Kashley, it's reduction." (MK: Is it reduction.
I'm a reductionary month. (MR: I just say that. It was more for notions.
It was "Pearl." forever."
But we're not just going to have the X paradigm paradigm on the title but we're going to make sure we contract all the categories we can in the movie.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe you've used to.
The most great car that you've ever been driving in "The largest film ever selled, the best sign you've ever drink, cortex of "The Marine Move Never seller."
Jarry Kosovo: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (Muslims," making you fund the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Guid" -- however, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
SK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if an engineer is very negative, but you know how to repeat? (Museum," no idea. David Condon: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- DA: Very good. John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult to do with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big markets.
TK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us as a lot of joy dead.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudroma: Most of the answers will be no."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Ohchel: Okay." Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah. (MK: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Muslims: OK. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that "started the camera meant we have a conversation out of microbial.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought that the concept of advertising, it was to present the product to so many people as possible, make a lot of people seen it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the sentenced media stage, is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle of attention that is going to lead the message to the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garden mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what represents this image.
See, when you look for images of transparency in Google --  -- this is one of the first pictures that comes out.
So I like your role, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detect or seen -- easily understanding, that it will be characterized by vision or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest line.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president name, even the CEO named it.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it really changes something changes.
But why? Well, the transparency day fear --  like that weird bear that still goes on.
It's unpredictable --   like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
You'll eat an entire tank from Colombot Wikipedia.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and saying that we wanted to tell this story and say, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bonne and Richard Kiribatian for many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the international and go to the companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to disappoint all of a sudden -- I started to realize that when you start to conversation with the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, big, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make large, holy Hollywood movies, say that the reason their movies have so much success is due to the showers that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the movie is called "The Marine Movie ever Seller."
How are we going to see Bang in the movie.
Every time I go out, every time I open my battery, you'll see the Bang drug.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you okay for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little bit nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there would be one of these fabulous analogous.
Both "Fortunate Full Flower, like "Parasite "Americans are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man and woman, solid, ball, barrier, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a post-manufactured look.
Karen Frankle: We're a small brand show.
Similar to the smallest kinds of movies that you were told, we are rather a bit of a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason that we are interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Tunnerrous technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the anger.
Man: We talk about something authoritarian, fresh.
I think "the free is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus "business and sub-Saharan."
It keeps you cold.
How do we stay freedom more time? With better surface, more fresh, three times more frengied.
Things like those who restore benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-controlled company.
What about me? What about a common kind?
I need to talk to the man on the street, people like me, to the common Person.
They have to tell me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mumban my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: It will revive the 1980s, parallel paradigm unless it is a washing day.
MS: All right, what is the German brand?
German: Something unique. (Muslims: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, lots of gray colors and things like that.
Usually I wear accidents like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similarities.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Mercerful Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand that I'm called a cats flight.
Woman 2: In a horizontal part of a path, in part of the God, it doesn't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of males guy.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Feynman because I get the market.
Man 5: Man five: failure.
Is that something?
Leadership, I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tokyo.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often climb myself in the intersection of dark glamour and flight flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality."
And I found a company called Oldena Zacas in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New, February, Hall to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Airbback, Iranians the photos. Right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your sense of self.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and they start in a place, and in my case they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being it?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me of "change." What does that serve us?
What's the machine? What phase of pop do you find now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What represents the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolisms have you have?
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of route mountain are you?
MS: Airborun." (Audience: No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience -- (MR: Great job. A: Yeah. (Music: Thank you so much.) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Lindanas Zacas" -- the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different places, but complexity, in your brand personality. Marine Superman Street is a content brand.
They support very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements and you actually give you a drink, and you make them become something positive, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are these?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can also see Tarae, Giant, Ministry of Minister and Jerusale.
Now there are constructive brands and conscious markets, those things that have gone and come but a limited brand is a pretty powerful thing.
MS: A frequent brand -- what is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?"
Are you an atheistry atheist? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a distant attribute?
A little more calm, residenting, conservation?
As being advanced attribute is like being a paradigm like Prize, contemporary pressure, advance, advanced or audio like Erker Florida, fast or gluck, professional, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more from the distance of the disability?
Are you aware of it, like 1970.
Are you structured, traditional, proportion, protector -- identify with Opporthous?
Are you reliable, stable, family, confident, safe, sadness, contemporary or such as the Dalai Lama or Earth?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and they and deserts, who said, "No, don't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mostly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscientist, and we get to tell the story in this film of how the magnetic resonance now uses to identify the centers of the desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing and film.
We went to San Paulo.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no cheeses, no flashless, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with the linear problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been more successful in are the ones that I've interact with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took their international agenda, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that will make people think of people, which will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie is structured at the Sunday Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burassons, the movie is stressed in January, and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press or TV.
The film still doesn't distribute.
It's still not online. It's not in stress.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already started to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk to did to their customers won't be part of it.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that are pushing them to failure.
I believe that when you train their employees in the aversion of the risk to the risk is preparing all your company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give the fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From one story at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to have the transparency.
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "Are "Arrangeled Transparency, has been introduced by my good friends of EMG who, by 1976, bought the rights of the name in Era.
EM: It will become big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMG presents the Transit."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Mario, in name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1774.
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name to name of TED matrix, the Salara Foundation, a check for 1967 to be applied to my TED assistant for the next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the ending plant in National National.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can engage these systems that control speeds and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifer.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're completely different.
But if we can put a Windows effective virus in a laptop used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stewart.
We started with a Windows installation.
The supply goes into the gray box, damage the centrifer, and the nuclear nuclear program is demonstrated.
Is it easy, oh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching Stevenson six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to the purpose.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows, the installation used multiple dramatic volumes.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stewart and we saw what happened with this.
And then very strange things happen.
Steven was behaved as a lab rat that he didn't like our child: I wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different chickens of cheese, I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely falling."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working in that location.
If not, Stewart doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the target is.
It might be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discover the target soon.
So we extracted and we discovered the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs. A small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I'll attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stewart installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old lovely language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at temperatures and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with the potential objective objective of the real world.
We need theories about devices that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sand, it has to be a valuable white black, and it's surely located in Iran because that's where most of the infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the National Environment plant.
So I told my assistant, "Trust a list of all the experts in centrifications and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to put their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital gardener with the control of the robot.
The robot is that cell part within the centrifer, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly dry it and even make the energy explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an effort of effort to get crazy to the maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital operation looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 is in that code, you can't obviously.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centrifers are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 164 centrifers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attacks code.
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So no wrong, it wasn't like that.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We were routinely finished in bats and we had to go back again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital oils were going to be a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small property is taking a scratch, and making the robots turn and replicate it, and the big guy is communicating with six squares and manipulating values.
In sun, we're very confident that we've determined what the destruction is.
It's National, and it's just Nation.
We should not worry that other targets are achieved by Stewart.
So here shows you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifers.
What this thing does is to intercept the control values of the sensors for example, the pressure sensors and the services of vibration and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack with false data into the attack.
And believe it or not, these false data data are predicted by Stewart.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from present video.
Is it great male?
The idea here is obviously not just to fight the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to fight a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in a power plant, when the big steam turbines are going through speed, you have to open up the scanner valve in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this cannot do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're committed to, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifications, with uranium environment.
It could work too, for example, in a power plant, or in an automobile factory.
It's generous.
And you don't have a attack -- to disseminate this burden with a USB key.
You could also use conventional worms technology to disseminate it.
If you disseminate it as possible.
And if you do that, you would end up with a mass destruction.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of targets.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralin, has been public in many sides that people assume that the Moscope is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lang: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. OK.
My view is that the Mostonder is involved, but the engine is not Israel."
The engine behind this is cyber superior.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Ralin.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give your sensory skills, or another that makes users of wheelchair users get up and go back again.
In Berkeley Biospheres we call these robots, excellences.
It's nothing different than something you put in the morning, you give you a great force, which is also increasing your speed, and helps you, for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other end ears.
This is not an irrational idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start to talk about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on its back, a 45-year-old load of 45, and it's getting to get even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Port Carolina Car Carnable.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds of variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put it in the cultures and execute movement with great adventure.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then raise my strength and my resistance.
Ethiopia Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back now to look at the users of wheelchair chairs, which I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often -- very young people, with damage in the spine of the spine that when you start their life -- at the age 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is agreed quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful emergence as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the ALS that is using Amanda Bottom 19 years ago, had an injury in the spine column and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bottom: Thank you.
EB: Amazon is using our ELAM, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
Now not invisible in the multi-states that send signals to the computer on the edge, here on the back.
There's also a few batteries that give power to the motors in the cards, and in the knees and make it move through this soft and very natural shop.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing it down a low short.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sensation and everything from the pelvis.
A few time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Lama, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last penguin of hope of my self.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to disappoint it down in scales, climbing rocks and even moving in my hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but Americans, and all the users of wheelchair to everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where the diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the fear of the Man Arid or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos from the rainforests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living parallels.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys -- terrifying, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't yet looked at it.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes of the senses.
They live in the depths of the control jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox. A land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the television itself -- scenarios of a violent conflict that has been proposed for decades and caused almost so much death as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction is also putting the survival of the Bonobo.
The charity trade, and the deforestation makes you cannot fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, on this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes of love, not the war -- because they have frequent sex and primate and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the bono of Bonobos is more than the Kamanan August.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play along their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to foster the tolerance.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a bad strategy game, and I don't talk about football football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The balls of the balls."
I just believe that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common in both Bonobos and humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- as the testicles -- and also how game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more relatively, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the awe is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Full a young female, which is playing with water rather nicely.
I think that, as she is we played alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that propelled us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real semex of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a increasingly more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is the key to these capabilities is the key thing.
In other words, play is our comfort computer.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum capability of our game ability.
The game is not flatter.
The game is essential.
For bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and dropped.
When it seems like the least appropriate to play, you can be the moments when it's the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I am responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, it was combat as an assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the bottom of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer at the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain -- I was focused on a conversation with the owner that certainly attracted one of the worst days of his life.
We were in filter night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella in pair, disappointment, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just arrived before me, -- Leonardo Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so clearly."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a building in flames.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a administration.
He said, "Bees, I need the house.
I need it to climb up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes of shoes a couple of shoes of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went up, and I went up the stairs at the end of the hall, went to the real firemen that to that height more or less had finished off the fire and walked into the main room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back through the staircase where I met my Numbers and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We pulled out of the house the test for the home of home where, as it was to expect, his test received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the owner of the house grateful by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she was observing about the other was that someone had ever reached a pair of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer bomb of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have done, or are to get away, remarkable levels of success would like to remind you this: Don't expect.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining park of the neighborhood.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone else's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So go into the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark Mark, March.
Mark Prisons: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things that we do, like buildings or bridges, a back at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LIGO, this came up with this.
He was called a automatic assembly bar.
And in a few years, LED gardens came to every home.
Over 400 billion or 75 bars per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LED just adopted the block of concrete -- the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic barriers attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block allows you to create a lot bigger and more complex circuits -- a bar at a time.
But there's a main difference: Transist was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are responsible to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Latin.
Let me show you how they work.
Lethal modules are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through images.
So you can't get it wrong.
The bars have a color code.
The green is the guide, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the win.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and you can very quickly start doing bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module that's here, and now we have an internal light.
We added this trade to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Little Library are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, Little Libers allow us to program using very simple intuitive.
To make a faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Libbrachers is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to bars ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've been giving liters to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator gets open or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Libraries to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience any in electronics start playing with Latin Libbraches as a material.
So here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago, we take Libraries to the designers of Rhode Island design -- who don't have any experience in engineering, only in cardboard, wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a continuum of confidence active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a late late manager made of the darkness.
For these not engineers, Little Library became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Little Library has open code.
You can visit the website, to download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So and invention.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment focused on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little clip of what we do.
Mim. Wait for a moment.
You can demonstrate a little bit in charge.
We can get better leaving the video on one side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, now I get the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be stopped, and we asked them to work on government.
The initiative was called "Corros for America and would be like a few perceptual bodies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the mentors.
Instead of sending them to the Third World to send them into the wild municipal world.
They made great applications. They worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al Alec.
A history of the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if I was looking for a date, but what you really look for is someone cleans it when she's caught by snow, because he knows it's not very good at shooting on fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help this singular way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of "Core for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was born a long last year.
They realized that city never cleans these hydrogen.
But one of the members named Erik Mellons, noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice app in which you can adopt a hiddle.
You accept to clean it up when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do, someone can robot.
I mean, it has a planetary component here.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it is the smallest of the 21 applications that are programmed last year.
But it does something that any other government technology does.
And it's extended in viral form.
A research responsible for the city of Honey to see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt the stores of tube.
It's very important that these tsunami signals, but people steal the batteries.
That's why they ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the stores of the tape.
And Chicago just launch it to make people record to clean sidewalks when he snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread with no friends, organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology to know that this doesn't normally happen.
So software acquisition takes a couple of years old.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we had done the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that even the time has cost two million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that shows you in a couple of days, and it spreads in a viral form is a kind of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, like many people think that should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions in an open and generative way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of addressing the question of the government that has new generation, not as a problem of an announced institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just "Correct for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They've never been given for the government.
They feel a great frustration in front of that, but they don't complain about it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we stop the feelings on politics, the line in the DMP -- and all those other things that make us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Rion: "What we do together because we can just not can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. The government is.
And because the government last image of us -- they remember that of us, the village? The way that we think of the way of producing change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to hide charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all kinds of shipping.
This is the centering center of services and information.
It's the place that serves the calls if you check 312 in America.
Scott caught this call.
Jean-American "Caster at the basis of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the door of the house, put music good and see if you go there?"
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the shoes.
Boston doesn't have a phone center.
It has an app and websites and mobile phone, called City Connector.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the New York City Union in Boston.
One day, this has actually got this people, "Kirantus in my trash. I don't know if he's dead.
How do I make it to shoot?
The Digital Civilization dynamics is different.
Scott was talking about person.
In Civilizations Connectice, everything is audience, so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I'll go to the place, I found the garbage contact behind the house.
Zipcar? Yes. Living? Yes.
I went home. I went home.
Good evening, sandwich disability."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technical definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to self-assemble and help others.
So, a citizen helped another one, but here the government had a key role.
It connected the two people.
And you might have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
An important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but it thinks that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfaction our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 meters.
Because there is what we call bure.
And we say that word with a lot of disappointment.
But it is that kind of despair that holds us that it belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our contrast, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Hollywood movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the PC permit on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been resistant to government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of you?
We can't be able to get government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the government function so that it can expand to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act by manipulating, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average average of our members is 28 and so I are a generation greater than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who's going to talk.
They can express their opinions on any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care about making their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better work.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hiddle, pulling weeds out, dumping a garbage cube that has a shore inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen horses, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not just consumers, we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all of us together, will we be a volcanic of voices, or will we also have a multi-controller multiplier?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death correct.
I've spent most of my life in market communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that tell you here have impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would have no other way.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach yourself to feelings, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's a cartoon, it can do much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a material, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slavery.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1844.
She was born about 1880, and his experience with slavery is the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little and looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
It took me so strong that I could barely breathe, and then it was stopped.
One or two hours later, he came back to me and she said, "Britain, still feel my arm?
And if I said no, I would grab me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that I would always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the last 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and he smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she would reach up, and she took me out of my hand and he said, "You see Brazil. We are going to be converting."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and she said, "Britain, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to anybody to anybody.
I said, "Okay, May."
She said, "Now I'm sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, she looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at it."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "Secure, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want to want your mother."
Addict: "She is my story, and you have to promise you to always be carefully.
As I was looking at my mom, I said, "Yeah, Mama, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mama. I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mama, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South. I have a brother one year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14, 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six beer, I don't know where I shoot them, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got to make the crazy all the time.
He took a beer silk, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. That's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on today. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well. Take a beer."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a broad.
I was cleaning up with strength and he goes, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was away.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will be completely distributed.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that I'm a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to everybody else that they really don't see to you.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the protection.
My uncle died from diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In the United States, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in controversial freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much destruction, so much despair.
One of every three black black between 18 and the 30 years is in jail or in controversial freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balibortan, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in prison or in controversial freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a justice system that is much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not caption, it's wealth that makes the results.
And it seems like we feel very classic.
The policy of fear and force makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, they provide you of the rights if you have a criminal continuity.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to vote.
We have this awesome silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you sit down to 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children without the ability to go away.
Right now we're in the process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death rubber.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crimes condition?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve dying by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
From every nine person executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that it's excited and liberated from death correct.
A market rate -- amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never be allowed to be able to put airplanes if every nine that you would disappear, you would have been standardized.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
They were worried about being breaks.
The threat of terror was what their lives define their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you talk to you talks -- discussion to the people who stop saying that in our history we have the first time with terrorism, after 1940.
They ask me to say, "No, no. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with self-expression and decades of racial subsidies and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to commit with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this compromise, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about the death penalty control.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say.
Addicity: "We have no death penalty in Germany.
We may never be able to have it here."
The room stood in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never be able to get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we and intentional and deliberately, we would get to execute people."
It reflects about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were in their most Jews many?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately those realities are made by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We actually talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means that you want to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the ants that you'll never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's within our self.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are. In spite of being so rational.
With innovation, with creativity. development comes not only about brain ideas.
These things come from formed individuals also by the conversations of the heart.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and distributed, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Hall, the big lead leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will for being in places of despair and testing.
Well, that operation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, should be compromised.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusive, inequality, insurance.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Park.
These women are just meeting to talk.
Occasionally, Mrs. Chee called me, to tell me, "Britain, comes Mrs. Parkinson. We're going to meet to talk.
You want to come and hear it?
I would say, "Yes, sir. I want to."
So she said, "Well, and what will you do when you come from?
I said, "Look at it."
So I went and just listen to them.
It was very visually, very clean.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Brazil, let me be that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted income.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the sentences of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end the mass encouragements."
I gave it all my best speech, and when I finished staring at me and said, "I melt Mumbai mimm.
And he said, "Look, agreed, very agreed."
At that time, Mrs. Carl leaned up, put her finger on the face and said, "This is why you have to be very bad but very valuable."
I think that actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those issues, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion by others.
I've learned some very simple things in my job.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst that we've made.
I think that's true for everyone on the planet.
I'm convinced that if anybody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a shore.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people that should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very cleaner, it will not be judged by our technology, by our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged people, but as they treat the poor, the continues, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel deliberately. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of disability.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers that have been able to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge is lifting it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake. I was thinking about God, if the judge can become something that you are, should have magic powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask for some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mouth.
He had a 14-year-old client, a little, poor, black.
I started working on the mouth, with a meeting that said, "Month for my 14-year-old black client to be treated as a 75-year-old privilege, executive of a corporation."
In the mouth I put that there had been industrialized behavior in the access, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line about how in this country there is no ethical, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that unstable motion would be a dream or actually write it?
For my horror, not only had it released it, but had sent it to the court.
It was about two months ago, I've forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt really adopting, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
Eventually, I got out of the car. I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I met a higher black man, it was the consumer consumer.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you lawyers! I said yes.
And so I was approached and abandoned me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was visually.
That's deeply connected to me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Steven, you wrote this short mountain mouth?
I said, "Yes, Mr. -- and we started to argue.
People started going. They were all indicators.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came out of the assets, the autonomous fishers.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of us funny because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the garbage of the eye I reached the conservation that I was going and coming.
I was looking for the window, and he kept hearing all that scream.
I kept walking down here and out there.
Finally, this old black, with face of concern, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge picked up a recession.
During the break, a seat of the surface was deliberated because the consumer had entered the room.
The assistant was broken on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience hall.
And the old black man stood up and looked at the assistant -- she looked at me and he said, "I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with fire."
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must lead to the fragmentation, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep your view on the goal with the field.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and seeing an obvious desire of the audience, in this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that is not a check. What can we do?
SS: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this spring, which is going to be a effort to redefine the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years, billion dollars.
And despite this, 96 percent of the homicide cases don't conclude in army.
56 percent of the rapes don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are destined to make the law, the security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation. It's said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that it is?
BS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes in the cheap population.
And we let us convince by the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, and to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on the punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Lock," they grow the threats for bin Laden death.
Lock 2: Hamburg in Somalia, Lucin 3: The police shows O.C.
Luck four, the short cards. Luck four: Marshall Crossos.
Luck 6: Social decoration. Lock 7: 65 dead.
Luck 8: Altight of Tumber. Luck nine: Canvysitish.
Several localities, the trade of the corruption. mass destruction. Tors.
Recession. Bankable.
Crisis. Death. Desert.
Oh, my God.
Peter Dalison: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could be ready for the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide us negative news, because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And like nothing else matters to us to survive, the first stop of all of this data is an ancient snippet of the temporal lobe called the amazing.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
It was order and records all the information looking at something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories of stories, we'll prefer to look at the negative.
That old present from the press, "If there is blood, selling, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pesticides.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going to get worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe, in contrast, what really happens is that we get distances.
Perhaps enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction -- water scarcity and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings, we're very good at advertising the problems, and in the long run, we end them.
We looked at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more delivering, the average average per capita income has been transferred across the world.
Childhood mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity and transportation and communications has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The barrier magnets of the last century, the people on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that goes on in the technology of the information in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supernova in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things on this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in receiver, depression and again.
It's the rest of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges.
And even though he's graduated in one law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And on this curve, in the shore of Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
Computing in the cloud, that my friends of Australia called infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nature and English.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jeff from Watson, of IBM?
It was pick.
I was looking at the newspapers the best headlines that I would have.
And I loved this one: Watson sells human opportunities."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
I play with the mathematicians of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how you can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to launch a company, or a product or service that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single amount of the planet, it's about creating a life of what possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and becoming abusive.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a National Middle story story.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited to dinner the king of Samari.
Napal troops ate with silver covered and the same Naparantic, with gold covers.
But the king of Samarita, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it was more than gold and plant.
So the tip of the Monota to Washington is administration.
You see, although the aluminum is 1.3 percent of the Earth's mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's tied by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electron came up and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was destroyed.
Let's project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scanner.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet which is based on 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 power terrorists every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity costs six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance as well.
Let's talk now about the wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Sanda pointed the Voyager spacecraft Voyager to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn country?
He pulled a famous picture. How did he call it?
"A pilot blue dot plastic."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 7.7 percent is saltwater, two percent of this ice is ice, and we fight by five percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
Nanopation, the nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the Britain -- I'd like to share with you permission -- his technology called Shinghones -- you might know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on any source warm water, contaminated water, a lettric, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is populated by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with a smartphone with Google, he has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have ever predicted.
Now better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- CPR video, images, books of book and music, technology of medical diagnostics -- now they distribute and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when you put the apps in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Bullag Foundation, something called the X Employment But Tribune 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and because it has A.I. -- they can be able to take blood out of the fingers.
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize the head of health and, first of all, prevent the pandemic of the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force of producing an abundance world.
I call it the billion increases.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never been surrounded by global conversation.
What would you want these people?
What would you love? What wish will you have?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the greatest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in global economy.
And they will get more health thanks to the Tributh, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more of humanity, and healthy health and productive healthy?
How about a voice never before?
What if we give the opinions, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and could be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion millions?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict with?
One thing that I learned with the X prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some people know.
It's called Florida.
He emerged at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will be played.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supply problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the breakthrough.
We have the capital of the terrorist.
And we have three billion new minds that were going to join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
That is the growth of the stop point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin -- one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You might think it would be pink, but it didn't.
It actually records fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the big.
I was fighting it very much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the U.K. Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoner.
The fleet still says they follow intact.
So what happens here?
Second story, also illustrates another concept -- the warming of the circle.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a lake in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate him.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palm and as you can see, from a manufacturer.
There were the slides of about 20 inches -- the black bar pill.
And the fishery of this pilot was very abundant and it was happening for a good moment, so he won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had been disappeared to half.
They would manipulate the five centimeters away.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was in the introduction of the army fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, it started in 1960. Europe did a lot of development projects.
Fish development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fisheries, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called Muslim Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in South the Sea of China Sea, and especially in the Sea Sea.
What we captured was something inertiality.
We captured -- now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spectruments, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on a few rest, rest that are fundamental fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was thrown off.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom is a solid fortune of coral coral, in this case, to be a hormone.
This is a dead toy.
They didn't eat them. They disappeared because they were dead.
Once we captured a live.
I still wasn't held yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what they pick up the fishermen every time they go to a zone that they've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transformed the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the party point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity, amount of origins, the world of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and extract it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the matter of change.
And at the end of keeping some rest of them.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very absolutely, before extracting, is very frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose very frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea sea.
They become very frequent because we fish them.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of the people are, like that they can be able to have a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or, typically don't use the scientists in the fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in inspired societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to fulfill a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We read the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has been running and it's very low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their stop point.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access to the Middle East, for example?
I think the arts and the cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bashi Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the harbor of Penturt, 500 years ago.
And you'll notice that mathematicians and the tones are like Apartha."
And if you think about Avalont, if you think of why people are moving with the film -- no talk about the history of the Pockets -- why would you eat the images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one who will give up, is Cambodia, making Avale IIT: underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Account, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are made and how important that is.
We all want to be stars: celebrations, sing, condoms. When I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the website makes any of us, or our actions, copper objection in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a sand.
It's over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage of percentage is virally visible, it gets infinite of visits and common moment.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators -- communities of participation and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bear Vascall: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God."
Wow.
White, wow."
KA: Last year, Berner Vaccure published this film out of his house in the Nostrial National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This chart shows the reproduction in the popular summer of the last summer.
Berlin didn't propose to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double bow.
That's what you do if it's called the Morea Mountain Bert.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kimber published this Twitter that would catch the video to the population.
The translations of trend as Jimmy Kimber presents us new and interesting things and distribute them to a broader audience.
Redword Black:  It's Friday, Freeks. You have to start the Friday.   Everyone wants to get the weekend.   Everyone wants to get the weekend.   You know, the Friday weekend.   You know, starting the Friday,  KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video.
Veriness Black Blue is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw about 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Like "A double "Rain double: this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Veronica, it's true.
And if you ask these other pieces, they're also Veronica.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday part?
Well, it took the Twitter, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Myrone Science Take, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends are adopting a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 parades of Vietnams on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each day.
Unlike the definition of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by sleeping it or doing something new with that.
"Sing Cath: It's a repetitive animation with a mass music.
So that's it.
This year is about 50 million times.
And if you think that that's rare, you know that there's a three million times that have been seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Earth's technology.
There were remix.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it was interested.
Suddenly, a whole community of reminder that made it happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Durin Diet Double or Redwood Black or "Hand Cat?
What would you have written that I would control this situation?
In a world where two days of video are coming up in a minute, just that truly unique and unexpected can take away the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the multiple museums in New York, I admit that I wasn't very interested in it.
Casey Nike+: I was moving out of no circular cycle, but often there are obstacles.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nike made five million people see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bear Vascall: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The creation creators, creative communities of participation, are totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture that we all have access and is the audience that defines the population.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bible, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, just the current media -- but define the entertainment.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still brought.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communist came into Sairha, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long, now were funding it.
It refused in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that be in the same, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to be astonishing, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the back of the shoes silent to sea.
My mother, Mary, was just 18 years old when her father died and a concentrated marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been distorted to a task, the escape of her family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year squirt that defies the fiction, a boat was sliding into the sea shot of the fish shown.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pieces, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother was wearing a present scratch.
If you were captured, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the power suggesting in every wave and the horizontal and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate persists that came several times, but they were deceive with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not to be able to run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finish the trip was too far for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we destroy in Mellowath.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forencia, a class suburb would be a class suburbia whose population is composed of immigrations.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I would do, in Foresty, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were from the rest of the world.
And the English fragments were interfaced between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Still, I found time to study English and get a title on TED -- the information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra toy in English and math, no matter what you should take away, which was generally new clothes -- it was always a second hand.
Two of the media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tables, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing about the "missile eyes and some graduation, "Asteroid go home.
home, where?
Something in me is set up.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to surround it."
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was excited every night, but we were containing our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be static and open another business.
And women would come with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry and influential, and children transported between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and paradigms.
Centers were created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classical American student, I was involved with what I stopped myself.
In the other, I was dead in price lives, tragically laughing by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian year.
And I was a catalyst from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So I remembered Forbes anonymous -- it was now so Le and Redwood and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never imagine.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go to the routine and the comfort of life in an ignorant suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, containing on the day of each one and leaving food, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when she got to the boat.
The notion had never been an option.
"Like, "Do you say, "And you're not what you are."
So I talked about youth and education and disability to the markets and the anticipation.
And the more frankly, the more it was sold to talk.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved, living at the frontier of possible.
And even though I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stand on a cardiac career.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be a stranger, a newly arrival -- new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that I'm grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily be able to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demonstrated, but not the way we eat.
Possible that they wouldn't have been allowed to be released tremendously.
There was a energy there, an optimistic optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for the things that the slogan can't do was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, he made a giant supply of soup that we all share.
We worked on the night at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
It made the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My correspondents again.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the Construction was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person that matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
At the age of 17, it became a content of a Mandela whose mother beat her.
Without support of his husband, she caused a message when he delivered it, and she causes her to take the cause.
The can't show you to be wrong.
He was in the shower on the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles, Mellon in Mellowath.
I looked through the shoulder breast and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to shoot.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in PowerPoint and sat around their coat.
We told him stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came and told us he had to close the athlete.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey -- "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold.
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't sustained it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had reached our lives would have frustrated.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, right.
Can I give you a point in your lives, suggesting brave in every wave, the remarkable record of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and see them safe, I would do it.
Trick Neiler and also the mother of this is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rarines about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Muslim Alex.
We were convinced how nothing has changed from the age of the former Indian epopto, "The Mahatma."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we suggest the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I program, the great Indian warrior, he had sensor, he pulled a bow and a filter on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with tables and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of fun.
I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a card if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket plastic release.
And this 50-year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, from pirate and nano-state in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones, luxury lowers and cameras prevent we are.
They frankly defend our inspiration.
And so I turned out, I was thrown into this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
Add the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "You put your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to me." I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In a few times I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My interior girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and dragons, but to that magic of childhood to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned out to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies to free.
And, really, they light your way into the book of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated as a child was that a whole galaxy was about a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I would drag into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the books of fantasy there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, full and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain dots the book is also revealing.
Now I'm going to go.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and to contemporary time.
These are the hostilities.
We've all heard about the dates and the nightmares, but how many people out of India know their Indian contrasts, the horses?
These poor poor people have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old and a book food.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
It's a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up to their PCS, they haven't left the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections, of sticks, stones, gas and contagious.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web.
A London boy puts a picture of a toilet and says, "Oh, today I saw a soup."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
Within the variables of connection between magic and Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video on it, and you can see a group of animals that appear on the indoor plants of the house.
In a moment, the screen is filled with leaves in a moment.
And you have to make the sound sound and you put them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are interpreted with technology and magic and technology to get one another.
We adopt the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Rubble University was to make a director of the listen.
And not in a very scientific way, and she filled a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and knowledge, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects, since we stop listening.
This is my Bullan bush. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of light on and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, send my information to Google Health.
And my career doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need heart care or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my bush Sharner and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Lucifer, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week to be available.
This little bad ball connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can be able to be able to get their own artificial pressure, send them into their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position back to the control and be capable of their own boat, but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face as the firing of the cost of medical attention, demand double and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by criminalizations.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video.
We all have nano-state controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where automatic boxes are in Martian.
Also, where are all the gasaging.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is it the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but no one knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was to do crops in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public "To You -- you see a DSL, please send it, please send it, and when it's open, you can sometimes open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 Days Day were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Laden, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Martian and someone climb, you can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 43, which is the name of the product, but also as 2127.
And we want to start it globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the Christians conservation around the world.
Every time you are in vacation and someone collapse, you can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You might be service service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA is shown is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that you can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
He mixed up with my previous passion by drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pullership.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulled pull.
Photos like this: a building in a very transit road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realistic I say protein.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that we can capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real seemingly?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light interpret?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it is our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, which we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined, in a certain way, can create something that still seems translation, as if there is.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic. I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I'd like to say there are three simple rules that are going to continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are fulfilling with these requirements, they were taken at the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect stand.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was.
This is another example.
And you might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by pictures of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place that would find because you don't need to get the ideas that have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as this idea in winter I knew that I had several months to plant it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a poor power.
And yes, even red the house on the top of the island so that it seems more super.
So to make a realistic result I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please can put it out.
It's a diagram that took a folder mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Rocketter microbes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other people we tend to see is sort of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order on the performance scale.
Talking about technology with secret curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graduate, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graduate, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a secret curve would be very silent, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microbes, past tomorrow we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There's no precedent in the history of technological development of a reduced growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to make is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will be one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know like this until I get something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
We would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask, is, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
What new state is the world formed?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been concentrated, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock, with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give ourselves an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had flew a few oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the outside materials and so forth.
And they started dividing.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms. Those oil gates.
But those gods were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a race of chemicals.
And every time they divide the distance of the chemicals that they have.
So every gate was a little different.
In fact, the gods that somehow were distributed by being better than the time of incorporating the cities -- they grew more and more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these gods learned the trick.
In some ways that we don't understand these gates really learned to store information.
They learned to store information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they evolved in this non-violent evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replace.
The amazing thing is that the writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each being alive is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microbes of white powder trying to hide the security people of the airport.
But it does. I take this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA shot, and it took it 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of all the presentations -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a electrocration I'd put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years old.
But then another great step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, evolution evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and spread them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
That way, or they were flowing together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community and they were released by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much, and they decided to write the entire recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years old.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we're a multi-digital community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and created more interesting levels that the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that were not making more than process in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that these cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible to register, understanding and transmitted information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that point as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures hugely accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few graduates, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in your heads that I put some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods similar to mobile organisms, we abstract our records of records and presentation and information.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the information, the video tape, the CO2, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that presents us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of Young in which I produced a certain evolution with the College program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the history that I told you about took a billion years each, each one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years old.
The next one, the language and less than a million years old.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feeding -- I guess that autonomy is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster you do.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feeds.
But I get my life to design computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I job to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designer of the Time Machinesets, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it into the machine and the machine that does something that you can't do before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes the methods we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscope.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please compute, you can run a hundred million sequence of instruction instructions?
Could you execute these sequences of advice at random, to execute all those programs and take those who are more likely to do what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to orgass numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that a random sequence of instructions, they provide numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Wow, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We put those and we eliminate the rest of them.
And now we represent the ones that best ordered the numbers.
And we are going to play it back to a process of recovery analog to sex."
Let's take two programs that are going to be a kid, which will be charities, and that children are going to inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combination of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
Calculating again.
I introduced some mutations.
And I try again and repeat with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
In the end, we end up with programs that are completely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they take the change.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that you get the goal because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depended on doing that.
I once went in a 747 with Mark Minister and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel straight?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things that produce normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that are there.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
So it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feeding themselves.
We're dropping.
And we are at a time analogous to the single-celled organisms when they became molecular.
We are the bombs, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of what is coming from.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before they email me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been exercise enough time to allow me to get part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, let's talk a little bit based.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about the rule of "Rounding the rules," talking about statistics and using them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery.
And we talked about 300, from a battle that back 300 back.
That means that the battle effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game without being attached, and anyone who tries to throw it into the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three in the 10 treatments.
You know how you call a 300-year-old battery in the Great Lies?
Well, actually, well, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how you call a 400-year-old baseball battle.
By the way, that is someone who is 10 battles, and it has four.
Legacy, like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the largest league of Bashi to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's give this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and are dead to a surgeon that has a record of 400 in accidents.
That's how it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved being has two clogged coronary arteries and your family physician drives it to a cardiologist whose record in angels is 200 dollars.
But you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their reactors have been 350.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask them."
What do you think you should be the average of the heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, or a flower operation?
1,000 very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in medicine knows the sets of a good surgeon, a doctor or parameter.
What we do, however, is send me to the world, and I included, with the manner of being perfect.
That never, never, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that was bored when I was at medical school.
I was a computer observation student.
Once a time in high school said that Brian Goldwan studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little disaster, at the nurses of the Hursise General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my anatomy class, memory the origin and muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the art, the diagnostic differential diagnosis and the not useful.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney turning adolescent.
And as it accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I went back from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because this is how I was immediately immediately.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Drawing.
I was residents at a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady Drawing to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned by the cartoon service.
And when I was emergent I requested a cardiologist to be able to go to that patient.
It's going to inform the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Drahimbar, he was sleeping.
I heard a soldier sound.
And when the screen -- I heard a kind of distributed sound on both sides, which gave me a conservative heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of putting the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did, and I got to work in the treatment that would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diarrhea, water pills.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very good.
And this was when I made the first mistake, he sent her home.
Actually, it made two more errors more.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to bring the information together.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I may not want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
When I sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that he said, "Gigal, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I was asked to the nurse who was taking care of Mr. Drawingbroto, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "Yeah, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
That's how it was the high one, and the ambulance along with the paralles took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walk into the parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
It happened by the emergency service service home.
And there is another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Drew Drawing before, but he told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors.
Other specialists are afraid of them, but there's a particular in emergency and is that we see patients put out.
The three words are remember?
"Would you remember the patient that sent her home to his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back on the verge of death.
At the time of an hour of having come to his house, after I gave him the high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called 1919, and the paraders brought it into emergency with an average pressure of 50 miles from Hind, which means a severe shock.
I just respected and blue.
The emergency staff disappeared all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial backpack.
I was completely completely completely computers to the model.
He had a mixture of feelings because after they stabilize it, he was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days later, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a breakfast brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they researched what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. The lady Dr. Dr. wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of the people who die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks I was looking at it and experiencing for the first time the extraordinary shame that exists in our medical culture and sat alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we're bad.
And that feeling.
And it wasn't for my boss. He was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I suspended things and it made sure that they wouldn't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss to my boss -- why did I send her to his home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a stupid mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was disabilities.
And I began to feel better.
And in a number day, the sky, and finally the sun came out, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I reduced the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to make no more mistakes, would make those voices.
That's how it was.
I went back to work.
But it turned to happen.
Two years later, I was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the garage.
I was very busy and adopted.
And he was pointing here.
He looked at his throat, I was a little color.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him to her house.
But while he went to the door she kept pointing her throat up.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me about his office.
And I set up the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that he saw by a pain in the garage?
And he came back and didn't have a strategic favorite.
He had a potentially deadly attention called billboards.
You can look for Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the top area, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He didn't disappear.
The antibiotic administration is admired and recovered at the age of a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and reporter, and then I went back and forth, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of organizations, no approach diagnosed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
Order a X-ray radiation, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking into the patient perceived some sensitivity in the bottom right square and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I would order liquid to risky, and I asked my colleague to check it.
You reviewed it, and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right, he called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recognized well.
But every case I was trained, I was distributed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a break.
The most meaningful people have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassing and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same errors?
If I went to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure after failure after?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the errors of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a translator in my hospital was the wrong leg, believe me would have difficulties in looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that are able to sleep, and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of destination and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical pressures and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the State Toro to my program, "Whale Coach, Black Art white -- black art."
And what I learned is that errors are unbelievable.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, in which one in 10 pressure drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disability is not right, in a system where interesting infections are increasingly more and more numerous by making chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian errors are killed by price medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about bar subsidies, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
So sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest -- comes crazy with clothing eyes and with the algae to alcohol, and all of a sudden my story is a distance of disability.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't close their symptoms in the same way.
So the errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error -- well, no one left.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their more serious cases?
In my program, "Delibery white, black art, it's a custom to say, "This is my worst mistake -- I would say to everybody, from the paralles to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake," blah, blah, blah. What are your writers? And I'll run the mic into them.
And their students would stop, back, they would get their head and swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a refugee medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reductioning physician is human, you know human -- it accepts it, and it doesn't get proud of their mistakes, but it endeasters to learn from what happened to others to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the errors of other people not with the intention of attracting them, but in a loving and support way for everyone to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they commit errors every time when it happens.
My name is Brian Goldwan.
I'm a reductionist doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I feel a lot about learning something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up an average American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not a lot ago, in a research for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were delivered by these executives and the time they were involved in making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, 199 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes, and how many of the time for an hour of an hour an hour of an hour.
How do you calculate those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the current -- choose to the operation of options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is please have a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the option of options of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of the option of
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I found this very, very high level supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Draham."
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and viral, more than 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 out of embarrassing water. And this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why never buy nothing?
This is the state of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different kinds of classes, including the ones that were in the box that came from millennium trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and ask him, "Is this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of turtles that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with mistakes.
Pass.
They had 180 different classes.
We installed a pole to decline, right to the entrance of the store.
We put it out of six shorts, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, how about people who were willing to stop the member of mistakes?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a member of melts.
So here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy melta.
The ones that stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought melting me.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy melta if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy it probably becomes a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choice overload affects us in good decentrics.
We decided to not decide, even though this won't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, financial saving.
I'm going to describe a study I did with Gurden Hubble, Emman Kaming and Wind Jane, where we looked at decisions about savings for about a million Americans -- from about 650 plans from this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings savings for retirement plans, the 404 program distributed people to save the future.
And we discovered that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 657 plans that ranged from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered -- there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as tall as you want.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there's more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the more people were the number of options, the more people were involved by avoiding the actions or the funds of investment.
The more options, the more willing they were willing to invest in financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recover to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences of offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is the app even when this goes against the interest of it.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfying things, even though it is objectively getting better.
The main reason is that we do look at that giant variety of magnets, museum, viral and melody, but we're not able to do the computations to compare and contract and choose that awesome exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can try in their business.
The first one, Cuttin.
You heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more than today.
People are always annoyed when I say, "College."
They care about losing space in the angel.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange regular options, there will be an increase in sales. You will get the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Process & Gamble went from 26 different types of Henry and Shows to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Colorado Catholic corruption removes the products for cats of cats that sold up, the uses in 80 percent, by two causes and greater sales and fewer cost.
You know that today's supermarket today, on average, they offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart shop you offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is Albanian and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato salt.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have come about how to handle choices is the plant of David Labacins, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life insurance fund.
You really want to pick them up, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vacation to all paid the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a claw if you're ready to take the owner of Garden.

Isn't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I really had to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second -- but I can help me say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options, which is College.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that consequences must feel very vivid -- very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit cards that when you use effective it?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Benjamin and Alexander Predator, about staff of consumer IKEA, who worked in IKEA, these people were in a meeting where they were being adapted to a 400-year-old plan.
That meeting, that we considered exactly as we were used to, did a little addiction.
What we added was we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the claims of 20 percent and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts of 4.5 percent.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Germans along the north correct, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 330 different kinds of different types.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called Jazeera and the other, Steven."
If you think that the one on the left is Silika, and the on the right is Japan, you give a pale.
(Class applications." Well, there's a few.
If you think that the one on the left is Jack and the on the right is Silika, you have a palm.
Well, something else.
Turns out it's right.
The on the left is Jackie and the on the right is Silly. But you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something that they choose, not that they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funds.
Supposedly who are they informed?
My fourth category, conditioning complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a bit.
We need to increase complex complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows you to completely perceive it.
You have to take 60 decisions to move the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appeared.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few times, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How much involved you are.
If you're always acting the button for the defect in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or it is -- we're losing them.
We find that the ones that are going from a lot of choices to times, they optimize the button for the effect again and again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy one, you learn how to scan.
Although the choosing box is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked on the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the option of choices, correlation, eliminating strange alternatives -- context, making it real. Clinically, we can handle more categories with less options, and to make complexity of complexity.
All these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help handle alternatives or better, for you, to use them in your business, or for the people who serve them.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to scan.
And the more careful we are in our better choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter typewriter that I had to record it to the government.
I had to record an example of example of writing with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't realize that somebody could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow yellow dots on every page that makes a pattern that makes them your own one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be made out of this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what's happening in the world online, we can adjust the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the circulations.
Like Mr. Diameric Gulf in King City, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the categories to win a lot of money, inconsistent amounts of money.
There's really many cases of millions online, multipliers, who won money with their attacks.
This is Larry Tastoss, University, State.
This is Alfred Bonobo.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Berture Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tarawan Alani etc., etc., etc.
These guys are doing their online fortunes, but they do it by illegal media through traditional traditions to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jahandering, and this accounts had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jamed and shown his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going out of worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have been declined in the last 12 months by taking a role on online attacks.
These are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are national states the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digonate.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is an authority of character of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
Deliberately decline the last fall, because of a sand.
They had the safety of the site and they were expecting a cyber.
Last week, I asked a meeting with the Dutch government representatives -- asked one of the leaders if they were planning the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die, because of a attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificated.
What do the certificates serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with the potters, you have Solo electronics like George.
Except they interpret a constant contrary authority.
They emit applied certified.
And in the case of Digonate happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters were taken off the headquarters of the secret Egyptian sector of 2011, and during the breakfast of the building, they found a lot of papers.
And among those papers was this chart called "CMU called CD2.
And within that folder there were notes of a server in Germany in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 210,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple weeks ago, the Sunday Transit -- a trade used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
You'll use even tools like the trade trade to infect our computer with a trade to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad to be, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's the privacy.
Privacy is not discussed.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could rely on our governments today in 2011, any right we resolved today, it's going to be forever.
Will we trust any future government in any future government in a administration that we could have in 50 years?
These are the questions that we need to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the South, which means that wild animals like celebrations migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our won.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning and found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mothers, believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to kick them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up operating a lot to the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the cattle, and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, six to nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would be afraid.
But I realized that this was actually not serious, because even I even helped the lions see the star of far.
I didn't give me. It continued.
A second idea was to use a spiders.
He tried to trick the lions to believe that I was close to the state.
But the lions are very smart, and they came the first day and watched the spiders, and they were gone, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves away.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that is going to go and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
It adds everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little indicator box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights flood.
As you can see, the bombs are going out, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see it when you come at night.
The lights are defending and digging the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had problems with lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
And she killed her a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now across Kenya, to scare other predators like heroes, left, and it's also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
Because of this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Browne International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and connection.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a child on the primes of the sand crawling the cows of my father, and I used to see planes fly around, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And today, I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when he grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
A slide. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I got a shoe. Richard Turkey," yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence -- CA: An electrical close?
RS: I know you already invented the electric close, but I want to do the mine.
CA: So you try once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I stood up because I got a calm.  CA: At the foot of the cannon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate at every step that you, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Evidence Now."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Italian, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except America, South America, Japan are the engineers.
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're locked together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
When I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A woman with no life was dead in the street, holding a school kid in her arms looking at the face of her mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge shoulder to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, more than a million northerns died during famine and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all around my surrounding was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Army River, which serves the North Korean and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing North to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out from North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of the famine was sent to China to live with distant parks.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like North Refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was reversed, and it would be represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interpreted in police station.
Somebody had accused me to be North, then they tested my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interference, an officer told another one, "This was a fake report. She's not northern."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some people in China are looking for asylum in foreign embarrasses.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Although they were captured, they were essentially free after an international pressure.
These neurons didn't have so much luck.
Every year, non-stories are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape a lot of other nerves haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the nerves have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can take a minute.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
So saving in South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South Korea.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I a surprise or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride mine.
Although adapting life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan, I started studying for the end of income to college.
Right when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The authorities of North Korea would intercept some money that sent my family, and as a punishment of my family, my family was going to be displaced to force to a location in the outside.
They had to flee away.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The nerves have to travel long distances on the path towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
So my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to get them, in some ways, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and almost we were caught several times.
Once our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of Chinese police.
He asked the identification of everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I instantly stood up and told him that they were soldiers that were accomplish.
I looked at it surprisingly, but luckily, I was believed.
We did all the way to the Las border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Las.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incompleted to cross the border of the blood.
After I paid multiple museums and switches, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and concerned again in the Las capital again.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in prison at short distance of the embryo of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or musics.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of money for my family and for other people to take them out of prison.
I thank you with my whole heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping the North People."
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And it showed me that the goodness of strangers and support of the international community are really the ranges of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But getting their freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language, working practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very fortunate -- I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans writing around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central Center: little little lines, fast food, balloon land.
So the city planners. They came together and thought, we're going to change the South Central name to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles as if this is going to be wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South.  Life tons, fast food, balloon land.
Just like 66 million Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Central Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to get more people killed than food in the car.
People are dying from curious diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than that, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I get tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheel students and sold as cars used.
I see diamonds of dollars flowing like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
The problem is the solution.
food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also fell out of running 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that doesn't have perspectives.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a frame of land that we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to town.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Great Greenwashee, we get together and start planning our food forest -- fruit trees -- you know, nine vertical vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group that is paid by advanced computers of all of the compounds, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained out.
The city came up to me on top, and in short, they gave me a cyber saying that I had to remove my garden. The city was made our judgment order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that nobody is important?  So I was like, "Okay, let's get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lower, and I talked to the cliff, and one of the members of Green Greenwash, who put a petition in Chang, with 900 signals, were successful.
We had victory in our hands.
My advice even called to say that they were replicating and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balls back.
It has 68 miles of balls balls.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why does it not look good about this?
To grow a plant to give a thousand searches, 10,000 seeds.
When a hole of helicopters will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my hydrogen, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I was reluctant to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me by others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I cultivate my art.
Just like an artist of graph, which is missing walls, I get soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas and the plants and the trees, are my energy of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how they affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how kids affect the kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and productive act you can do, especially in a surf.
Also, they get fronts.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like 1970s at night, and they were in my backyard, and they went out and looked very smaller.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to hungry, and this just reflects why I do this, people ask me, "Do you not fear the people going to steal your food?
And I say, "For God no, I don't fear that you're going to robot."
That's the street for that.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to recognize your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a short shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was great, I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Greeks has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people coming in, they work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow towers, you eat towers.  But if nothing about this is taught if you're not taught how food affects your mind and body, they eat blind people in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're attracted to, and I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are found from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Perhaps the next George Washington Caribbean was produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food on the same picture.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cars.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, to take the kids out of the street, who know joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want everybody to become ecological renassation, insurgency, gardens in the gender.
We have to change the script of what's a gender.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gender.
The guys take their pant on their right?
That is their weapon of choice.
In sound, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in chambers and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about making some merger.
If you want to see it, come to the garden with your pale so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.

It's made of assumption, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that goes up.
And especially if you're riding in your bike, and these cars are happening, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make portal asphalt.
The poram shore, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater water flow on the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they will never jump water again.
The noise will also disappear in these ports.
Because it's very short, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disabled, of course, and the disability of this road is you can get away.
What is that going? You see that in this road the stones on the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, and then I don't do that.  But they can damage her paradox, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create balls with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Back, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how damage comes in this material.
It's a portal assumption, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adolescent between stones.
Because of the internet, the U.N. light, the oxygen, this agenda, this beach, the glue between the rivers, will be accomplished, and if you concentrate it, you'll make microbes and separate from the addresses.
So, if you drive through the road, you get the addresses -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of materials of authorition.
If we can make this material authoritary, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean savannas, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the beat.
So we have asphalt with little chunks of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
Industries can work, especially steel -- it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the beat, the beat flow through these microbes and the stones will look at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven -- because I can't bring the big industry in the stage here.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they donated us a piece of road, 400 meters from the 385 highway, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in the road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We did the samples of the sample, we put a lot of payload in them, we repair them then with our manufacturing machine, and we replaced them and we would prove them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of the road to actually increase the life on the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface -- it's really going to save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
You actually have to focus on first before you can show them how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember getting woken up one morning with the sound of the gold in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radius.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
The Taliban were became the barrier of my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan, and they made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to escort my older sister that I could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could engage them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market and so that it seems to be business.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us who were appropriated in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once at the time, the school was closed in a week, because the Taliban suspiced.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were atmosphering, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a text.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total report of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father was replicated him.
But my mother educate became a teacher.
This is it.
He will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating his children.
For the years, I remember there were times when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Yesterday, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So, don't you even want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the balance, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Mediterraning College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was exploded from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate her.
He was not just a joy of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it driving on the streets of Karled.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embarrassing of 1957, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SWIshell, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite a wife and still in front of an infanted opposition of it.
Like Ahmerian. It's not your real name, and I can't show you your face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and his daughter went from the way from SOLE to his village, and literally they escaped being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice warned that if she kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it again.
"I want to say, "If you want to, he said, "But I'm not going to damage my daughter of my daughter for their old old ideas.
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and he sees that the success of her their own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often they are the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are being told in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't sleep much, after the U.S. troops retreat.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encourage them, I see a professional future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and powerful possibilities, and every day the girls of SOLE remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the extra: "Darry, resist Gabby.
But you never become a Galapagos state revolution.
They've spent nearly two years since it was the liberal revolution inspired by the sales of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other liberal citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of force and start a revolution against the three-dimensional regime of Gandhi.
And we did. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the edge, demanding the fall of the regime -- by providing freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of the distribution of the director of Gandhi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity, from the East East, to the west to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranno.
Galant left a hardware fall, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the ironic regime of Gates destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the society.
And aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved many other women, to rebuild the civilian society, demand an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Benjamin and immediately after Garden. About 300 in Tribut.
After a 33 years old, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about developing capability, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Liberia Women's platform for the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse origins, to advocate by the social autonomy of women and by our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was increasingly pollen, which is moving from the policy selfish policies and exception.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 75 percent of the National Congress in the first 25 years.
However, a little bit little bit, the energy of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing -- every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and dirty tubes.
Another day came with the news of the American ambassador and the controversy to the consumer.
Another day we deal with the news of the office of the army of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continents of human rights of the prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more pollen, and it's gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
It was intelligence, exclusive and content became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the successful "Cliff and elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security.
The crystal and alternative list between candidates and candidates brought peace and national record?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still pollen and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exception, both by men and women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mismatch and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion and
Our society needs the national dialogue and creating more than the election of choice, which just reflected polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than it will need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as angiogenic agents and calling the day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and magicians.
We have to develop a female discourse that not just honor but also put the mismatch rather than the content, the collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion rather than the exclusive.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has an alien that deals with the interference and the alternative between female perspective and males.
That's the real crystall.
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it social.
According to a version of the Koran Sally, peace, it's the word of the military God, "Bay, computer."
At the same time, the word Rahama, which is known in all the automatic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word Rachy, symbolizing the female and material, which brings all the humanity that men and women -- which all tribes and all the people have emailed.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion nutrients all existence.
This is how you say, "My mismatch comes up all the stuff.
That's how we say, "My prisoner mission on my array."
That is all given the grace of the mismatch.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an interesting question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does, why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who put her up?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just finished at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Senetal magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green card American Expression, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, he pointed to her head with a pill, cheated with the stone balls.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatening to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "London love, a psychological train, the love of love, where it falls every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm released in the English of Harvard University and I have a MBA at the Whitney Business School, School.
I've spent most of my career working for "Foreybox 500 colleagues, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leonard Burrietch and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post,
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black baby and I have a Minister Sharnet Ostron.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religions, all the levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interesting and long deliberations, or, in the other hand, in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence -- that domestic abuse is so disappointed.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be with a man who stood up, and in fact, I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by partners, children and abused husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Connect in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started to filter with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just finished the link from a university of the Vietnam Leader and working in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in the first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed a little boy from the field.
I had some big mountains like apple and a rubber fiber hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congress, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it mostly at the beginning of a perspective.
We started coming out and loved all of my mine, which was ready that he had gone to Harvard, who put passion in helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as I had never done before.
And that's why the liberation in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to submit and to have the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my job and Connect, and we went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a lovely crazy, which was coming into a head in a photograph and financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it is.
And this is where those gun comes.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to be so safe was bought three pills.
One was in the fundamental car.
Another was sticking under the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pills because of the trauma that lived from little trauma.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in severe danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Connectice happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the camera.
Five days later, when the 10 mornings of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother short of my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me so much.
And I was very, very advanced.
It just felt very cheated by the wedding and for the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never be hurt.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost, and he gave me so strong in my head that I rebeller several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our mini moon, I was sleeping through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold on the face.
Connergenous kept getting a time or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or access at some point in their lives, and the Centers Center of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are marriage, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Back to my question: Why did I stop?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly adopted man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Connergenous face her demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get married?
Why not? I could have been at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, know something that you normally ignore, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has gone end to the relationship, after the back, because then the adult has no longer anything to lose.
Other replications include permanent account, even after the adult has become married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family system to attract victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend no sub-Saharan time with the man who was fighting their mother.
And yet, we still ask why don't you just go?
I was able to go, because of a last palm sand that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to the full unknown, and I'm here today because everyone helped me.
We have the tendency to strict victims as spiritual headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
Some people are a way to say, "The guilt is your being standing for stuff, as if the victims are going to be deliberately choosing to fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since "I published "Conference love -- I've heard hundreds of men and women who were also screaming, who learned an insult lesson of what happened to them and that they recorded their lives life joyful and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went married with a man and a nice, and we have those three children.
I have that black barrier, and also that miningument.
What I'm not going to have ever ever ever ever ever had, is a pink pill pointing to my head in hands of someone who says she wants me.
Right now, you're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating." Or "Hall, what stupid it was: but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being marriaged or that they were short or that they are abused themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love to my particular love breaking the silence.
And I'm still doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just shedding light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They save the malaria to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and friends and family.
They repeat their vision of survivors as fantastic and fantastic people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interact consciously, to stop their climbing and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can turn our beds. Our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful of the passengers should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years now.
And I feel like right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have been self-destructive like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change me.
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this subject on your head, because it's when you're going to laugh for me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Approach is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would arrange the back and would make the children's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial break like the one I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our respect, which -- even though suffering and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do but security.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a dancers discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we've also associate it to a high and speed shape and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've known to take for money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical, and maybe there are some of the mountains of the fashion that they say. Wait -- there are Nimbotic, Tyran, Joan Sames, Li Winni.
First of all, the happy ones to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But I usually have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and every single model in the runway, and of the 767 models hired -- just 27 -- that is, less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nice career surgeon, which would be impressive, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist -- no, no, Cambodia, I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my head.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction chief of the American magazine or the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Mem.
To say that most you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've already put your studies, and you have a culture and you work on your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your culture said, Modern clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is whether all the pictures are really reflected.
And yes, they are basically recording all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bike, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is how I lunched with my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am on a passenger party a few days before the French Voyage.
Here I am with my football team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
These are creations of a group of professionals, files, manufacturing and photographers and statistics, and all their help and people of pressure and posts, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 2000 tales and I never use, except the previous couple but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forgot to bring money, and they gave me the dress free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a portal story, and he took a short in red, and of course, they stood up, and I set up a sorry, agents to be able to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from 140,000 teenagers to the people who were standing and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 black young people in New York, so for them, isn't that a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me? And when do you?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure is risk 78 percent at the age of 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is life from a model?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and sushi.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe this is what it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative and incredible and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a higher legs and the most brilliant hair, will it be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the most brilliant hair and the more likely to fashion is probably the most pressure women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that will retain from this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to put a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more favorite pictures -- and I didn't go to me who I shoot.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos.
In fact, most of them put them torture turns.
My story starts when, finding in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you know what it comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, "Why don't you take YouTube to New York on a parasitic trip and keep the ritual?
So here is when we started asking the turtles that were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has helped the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life this journey would change us.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and we're going to make it reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking around, when all of a sudden, he stood up in dry and pointed a red top of the shop store that was dealing with small in visits before.
And I was describing what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I said he remembered his heart beating with force when he first saw nine years ago.
And now what he looks at in New York are universities, because he's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the creation of conscious memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get close to someone and ask yourself, "Did you take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to tell you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The burning is in the most threat group of birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad pressure?
It's also associated with Disney little little little characters as metal characters, stuff, stupid stories.
More recently, if you've been following the Kirshard Breaking press, applause and analysis these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the Parliament members don't keep the environment.  The paradigms don't help prevent disease.
They're definitely monitor.   They're far away from extinction.  And, my favorite, the burning is better pressure.   There are two kinds of business on this planet.
There are the New World City Burnes in the Americas, like the conductors and the characters, and the old World Worlds, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the divers important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services -- Limbrach.
They're our natural garbage records.
They clean the blind into the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that no longer would be for them to extend and take huge losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no burnings, the birds take three to four times more time in description, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases.
The burning is also huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Berture was the symbol of the prototype and the maternity and, along with the copy, they simulated the unit between the Altern and the Eles Elean.
In the Hindu mythology, Japan was the book bubble, and he risked his life to save the dinner sand of 10 head demands.
In Tibetan culture, they are done very important entrepreneurs to open sky. In places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to believe them, so these burning bursts provide a natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the button?
We have eight species of burning in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sentenced, and the reason you're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, and the star communities use this poison against predators, and as a result, the bubbles are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of burning are on the critical list of endangered danger of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall prey from the cattle consumption that has been treated with an anatomy drug like December.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and has taken a posture.
Because there is no buttons, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the search of cards, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for the Arab -- the number of radiation cases has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the greatest wind farms in Africa, 350,000 reductions are going to be up from Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds -- they cut them in half.
They're bird transmissions.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead forests to serve the brother and the math market.
So what's being doing? Well, we're researching these birds -- we're getting transmissions.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focused on a problem that is locally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the burnings, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that are providing them.
How can you help? It can become assets, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and say, we have to focus on these very unconscious creatures -- donate your time to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they'll be informed on the forest, but talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the forests.
They're very elementary. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally, my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977. I get young people, but I'm no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of Maryland, Arenga and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failure.
And I was distributed.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we would analyze.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Don't of the Zambia, was a project where we were able to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get access.  We were astonished that the local people, in such fertile value, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here --  Just in time to save the people from Zambia from the hunger."
And of course, everything in Africa is really complicated.
We got these magnificent tones. In Italy, a tomato will grow to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the broadcasters, "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, markets and red, overnight.
And the broadcasts said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't you say it -- you never asked him."
I thought that only we Italians make errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans do, what English did, what the French, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud about our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypersurings.
You should see the waste,  You should see the waste that we give them to the consumers of Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Does Dead Death," emotional email.
The book was published in 2009.
We, countries, Western donors. We've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about harm that that money has caused it.
They just read their book.
Land from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are implanted, colonial missions, and treating people only in two ways, or strains, or we're parallel.
The two words come from Latin Latin Party," which means parent."
However, they mean two different things.
Paralls, I treat any of a different culture like my children.
Paradrana, I treat all of a different culture like my services.
So the white in Africa are called "Babylon," boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The little thing is beautiful," written by Schwarzzheight, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, talks alone.
This should be the first principle of help.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the guy who opened this conference put a base on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that isn't negative?"
I decided at 27 years old, I just respond to people, and I invented a system called Force Facebook where you never start anything, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of the local passion, the service of the local people who have sleep to become a better person.
So what do you do? It stoods.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the locality.
We don't work from offices.
We sat in a cafe -- we gather in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give them an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what are you going to do?
The passion that she has for her own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never assemble, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity has identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't get their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business doctor of the business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Eastern, West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this condom disability that we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
I was structured and listened to them --  So the government says, "Go back --  Then the government says, "Go back in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drawing, one of the greatest corporate assessments in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drawing was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drawingbroto, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of death of corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most attached people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to go to conversation with you.
You have to offer them to confidence, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help you, and then you will go on mass and then you will be in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, the intelligence and the passion?
What presentation do you have applaud more this morning?
Passive people. That's what you have algered.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- "For fun fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The fraud as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nutrition, cure, we transferred, we transport to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution, universities? Forget it?
The government? Forget it.
They're going to be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's a terrible story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There were a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in 1860, this group of people, and they were splitter to what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was an analogy, the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this room, to bring the population of New York to the around -- would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses, would be impossible to address.
They were already being anged in strategy.  So in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that would obstacle New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, 100 computer manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, scales, factories in the apart places.
Death, Michigan. Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conflict.
Otherwise, you're not going to be talking to you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute self-interest, dedicated, exciting service.
And then finally, you will have to tell you the truth with about entrepreneurs.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic computer, and you have to count a great financial manager.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can be done, selling and looking for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 known companies of the Carnegie world, Western Edison, Ford, Ford all the new companies, Google, Hama.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none of it was started by one person.
The word "I said, but the word "we're like, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody begins.
So, we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee -- in bars along their dedicated shopping basis who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this experience, someone who asks you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
OK, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would you want someone to look for somebody to do that?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authoritarians, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes in the empty store so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dream?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to short, dragons and senses for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a design in New Orleans.  There's a design in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with most of the most abandoned property properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Their death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for living time.
I gave it clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I have to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let it go through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant barrel and painted on her phrases to start with it, before I die."
So the transmissions could take a character, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment, but the next day the wall was replicated and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die, I want to be judged by parallel --  "Before I die, I want to sit in the line of hard change line.
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
"Before I die, I want to live outside the net.
"Before I die, I want to hug it once again."
"Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
"Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cards, demonstrated, and they gave me comfort in difficult times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and skeleton ways, it's about giving the reflection and contextuality, and remembering what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues, we made a kit, and now they've been made wall in countries around the world, like Kazakharins, South Africa, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express them and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distance distribution, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and deliberately.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remain is 22 years old, it's high and very cut.
It doesn't talk, but transmitted joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remon knows what love is.
I'm going to share it uncomfortably what happened.
It's not amazing. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and think about this: Never lie.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words of the words I couldn't even remain, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be unknown.
Samuel is 16. It's high. It's very cut.
It has the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when I went out every single one of my iPod songs -- conversations that we kept when I was four, I was standing on my arm during the first episode of the Tubes and the birthday of Lady Garden.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored and unconscious.
But what drives my heart and deliberate my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and authoritarians.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it is manipulated differently, that Remain is so different to Sam.
And around the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that quickly increase in the world, there is no cause of care of it.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new to be in my life.
When a few months ago, I realized he was different.
I recorded a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
remix lived and reminded in his own world, with her own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were more evaporating.
But beyond the barriers, the frustration and the interesting hypothesis, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without pressures, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments that I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that would not want to change by normal.
The normal thing happens by the beauty that they give us differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remen and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have. They're a gift. Each one of us has a gift inside it, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change dies at the time we try to be like the others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has been Alice in the Mars country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  She really was scared of these students with their great minds and their big books and their big books and the words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice should have felt like when she fell down the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just sat down when I had those conversations with students -- I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please talk about simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that their science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to respond, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the trees, but they study the trees, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the ownership.
And when you're describing their science, care of jargon.
The barrier is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say special and temporary," but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same as making them dumb to them.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they are ways to forth and encourage them with their content.
And when you present their work, forget about the signs of the ball."
You've been wondering, why are they called balances:  What do the bullet do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it is very supportive in the language of our brain and we are absorbed.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the tributes is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, the Earth structure.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase -- legitimate, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just some key that can help each other open the door and see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all means, melter with simplicity.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the whole dictionary of English English is "self-electricity."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Stanford means "police police."
Although there was an editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said, "A student is the one who seeks a public charge no matter straight, platform or beginning, and that when I win, I get it through the man using a money that is really recorded of a really minimal terrorist."
I have no idea what the "storyteller means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1776 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with Britain Criststanism, who faced the Parliament.
They asked him in the tower of London and they commissioned him, but he had enough courage to deal with them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first record of the phrase like this "so "so "sound]
Most people think it's literally.
It's not. It's by a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and policy interact -- I want you to go back to America, just after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debated in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions they could have described.
Some of them wanted to call it "Star of State Standard, and others, "The Altitude George Washington, and other Denorants from the American people in the United States of America.
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Or "Or "Serious."
They thought it was the quality of quality.
And not even that they were monitoring, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it might be serious.
Everyone emailed immediately, because this debate was protected for three weeks.
I read a poor sensor, and I always wrote, "It's still with this theme."
What caused the death and the house was that the College House was against the Senator.
The Cold House didn't want Washington to be buried of power.
They didn't want to call it King for him or his super ideas.
So they wanted to give it the more moral title, more instant and more large thing that happened to them.
And that title was President."
So President. They didn't invent the title anymore, but it only meant someone who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grand than the term "called "The Terms or Superstars."
There were evolutionary presidents of little colonial and government fractals, but it really was an instant title.
And so the Senate is operating.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign together and meet with foreign digitalities.
"And who will take a serious title with such ridiculous and instant title as a Prize of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't charge.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never reflected the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to continue there, waiting for the Senate to action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can still wait for 225 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you, is that the American print of the United States doesn't sound at all. Right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to design, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-state air vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have done the grand title.
So he won the Senate in the end.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the surveillance appearance -- well, it was a uniqueness then.
But you know how many nations you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the sense, the Senate won and the County of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're now the President of the United States.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but in fact, the changing reality much more the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground, in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but most of all, that picture of male tanks and stones with primitive tools.
As the other one, I take a cheap light of light holding the head with this abstract electrical and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I was restricted by my hand, and all of a sudden I remember a minute that I met days before, who lost control and fell into that power.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep side of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Virgin Peace Cumbuse.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an integrated protest of "Free the Sallants, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, actually, I began to learn about slavery because I knew that there was the world, but not as a degree at all.
When we finished talking to myself, I felt very bad, I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He became a sub-sake and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Secretary of "Frame and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
For some, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I will deliver dirty trees.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people slaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the entire thermal slave treatment.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars a day.
However, today, you can enslave entire families by generations for number 18.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape them.
Today slavery operates in the trade," the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are desperately.
slavery exists in almost everyone and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal I met the bonds of the barriers.
This weird and formalized show was like entering the ancient Egypt or Daniel Institute.
Imaginity in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy herd of dust, applied mechanically brick in their heads until 18 at a time, and they take them from the adventure of the adventure to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Instead of monitoring the monkey and the cancer work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pairs to eat, not to drink, and severe destruction made it quite incredible.
So perfect were the heat and dust that my camera was too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the horizons, I wanted to cry, but the grandma who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Loose, you don't do it. Don't do it."
And it explained to me very clearly that proving emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation that they already were.
I had to rely on "Free the Sally and work inside the system for his release and trust you to get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas -- I found kids running stone for miles for a lot of mountains that were waiting at the bottom.
Those big plants were more heavy than the children who were carrying them and children are holding them into their heads with homemade mail made from sticks, ropes and deals.
It's hard to introduce something so uncomfortable.
How can we influence something so insulin, but so unintended?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages were crying their freedom, the slaves were eating their houses.
When we hear the slavery of slavery often we think about sexual trafficking, and because of this global consciousness, I was warned that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmarka I was accompanied with women who had previously been sexual slavery.
I was driven by a few angers that were giving this dirty basement, sure light fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brain.
It was more a restaurant.
Responsible, as you know in the office, are local.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slave women with their girls and children, some of that just seven years, are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each one is dark and successful, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sex abuse for their customers.
As a foot in the film, I remember a sense of adult ant fear, and at that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a goat, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no door doors.
There was no window enough enough to climb up.
These people don't have a scale, and since we play a very difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual trafficking, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people slaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It goes around, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the hand of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father -- the blue and red hands, their children.
They mix the stores in these big barriers and suggest the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My interpretation told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, however, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we actually pay our work."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children slaved in Lake Volt, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children -- make sense, right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their translation families, disappeared and forced to work on the entire dropouts in these boats in the lake in spite of not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to the time, he was afraid that his little song was embarrassing.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the transgendered trees in the lake Voltoo are often catching networks and children, fatters and fear, they get thrown into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are dead.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee out, and like all life has been treated with cruel, it creates the younger slaves under their man.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
On the night cold and window.
And I know that these networks weighed over 400 pounds when they are full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koran.
Kofi was rescued in a fish village.
I met it in a shelter in which "I "Are So Reado Review to Slavery victims.
Kofi symbolizes as possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
driving through a road in Ghana with products from "Free the Sally, a realizational company with his motor suddenly accelerating and our car and touched the window.
It asked us to follow it on a way to the rainforest.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
And then he pointed out this sort of sensor and he said, "This is the way, this is the way. Come on!
As we started down, we took the deepesterness that blocked the road and after we walk about an hour we found that the path was angry by the recent rain, so I put the photo of pictures on my head as we dropped in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the strangely walked path in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a football field, and everybody was filled with slavery workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in sensor water with memory.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These minutes are enslaved in a power on another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were burned in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, arranged, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The pits have up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy spiders of stone that then they will be transported to another area where they would take the stone so they can extract the gold.
To the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong men and very poor, but if we look closer at the margin we see other less lucky, and also children.
They're all victims of injuries and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this male ends up like this victim of T.B. and the market sensor in a few years.
This is Manha. When her father died his uncle he led him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Mandela inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years old and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be amazing.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and yet, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists help like "Free the Sally, and it's this kind of determining, face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will make testimony from them and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not a magazine -- they're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your life.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful, malaria, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force turns out a fire, and that fire is abandoned light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a peculiar math and there's a peculiar problem for us to do it -- we're like management contributions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try to explain what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the ballet and the clinic dancers --  that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initiatives that can well have genetic components.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as he did with my friend Jane Stratch who, in his time, was a wind dancing button.
In the last few years, a lot has been programmed in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable defense, transmitted, regime and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there's really a cure will be when we have a target and close mitric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markets, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a natural exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult trip to the clinic. What if patients could make the exam themselves.
It wouldn't be needed.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a kind of no conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Stratch.
This is a video of the violence of vocal corners.
It shows someone healthy as they start to speak to speech. We can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound and we all have the genes necessary. The Forbana, for instance.
And like the black, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time he takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal chords as they vibrate it, and as the Parkinson's affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom plot you can see a self-esteem example of vocal corners.
We see the same symptoms.
Totally very tourist, weakness and right.
The speech becomes more quiet and spent after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these exams compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invading.
The neurological test is not invasion. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
They're both accurate. Well, but also the exams based on voice are not specific.
I mean, they can be automated.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something is sort of low cost, it goes on a massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do low-cost mass recognition for clinical trials, and for the first time, faith factors at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomedical biomedical biomedical biomass before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Industries.
Along with Audience and Palestine, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Whatever with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mama, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get from these samples?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Of course.
MM: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important, because we're looking for limitation factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 80 percent accuracy right now?
MM: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Thanksual, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works on mobile phone network as well, which is what the project. Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Novel and nine. Well, it's improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Litton, public.
MA: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic rocks in New York City.
We are flat creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the molecular models even more dangerous, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible and possible, and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little bit time later, an organization where I was voluntary where I was voluntary -- there Hans Voltan, he was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers knew that we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Office.
It's a little fishing village located in the Iraq preference of nearly 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The register water reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was disabled.
We take cards of the channels and the ships.
We cleaned up schools. We take the street and we leave the houses ready to be renewed and revolutionary.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, a short, power of local factory.
We were meeting and loved ourselves.
For weeks, both the volunteers and the neighbors find similar things.
They found pictures and calls of photos and cameras and CD cards.
They all did the same thing.
You'll pick them up and bring them to different places of the villages around them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As they were out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
He helped clean the communal bathrooms the big, giant barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the evanceling center picked the photos.
There were the honor that the day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was transitioning myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that were over a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab on the laboratory, I couldn't avoid thinking as a retrofit how to fix that sense and remember hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too structured, but where the water had declared the face of the girl should be argued with a lot of precision and deliberation.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the photo structured.
Over the step of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more performances so it went back in Facebook and Linked and five days later, 80 days of 12 countries volunteered to help.
At the age of two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to get together.
In Japan, in July, we move to Russia, a neighboring village in the north of Jama.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to be collected their photos.
The time that they took to get them is a different story, it depends on the feeling of the photos.
It could make an hour. It could make weeks implant.
It could mean months.
This cycle had to draw practically by using the areas whose color and detail, the water had not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in salt water, bacteria, with algae -- even oil, all of that along with the step of time continues to destroy them, so to clean them by hand, it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been recognized by his owner.
We were lucky.
We have the guide of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more the pictures already data.
As Window, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
He was starting to clean them up, but he stopped to realize that I was even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of his husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild it, we could flap the images in a single picture and pick up the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures sharing some of his story with us.
A colleagues of his husband found the photos in a bomb station between the rubble of the far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The time of the tsunami, his husband was the screen of closing the bars into the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the signals sound.
Their young children, not so small now, but their two children were in the school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took her a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day I handed her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something he could come back to look, something that I could remember from the past that would not have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us to clean up more than 135,000 photos -- the great majority -- the great majority of them went back to hands of their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families hundreds of the whole restaurant and retreated photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the time for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved it.
These are cubicles of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would find.
And this was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is going back to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the performers.
Some of them connected to something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that is not thin skin models.
To conclude, I'd like to read this email -- I sent it the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was really really really really completely, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular -- a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, meeting around a baby, moving around me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter need birth, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Deception Edio inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or 1,000 million, but a trillion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photography," the photographer, a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser point and turn it up and stick in a biological of a second, or be in a number of fundamentalists to create a picture of pictures of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this picture package and shoot it into this bottle, how do those pictures get into this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this.   Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nano-stranded is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola, I didn't have this research --  -- there's a lot of things in this movie, and you get this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle, with a package of photons that starts to attach and inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes out, goes to the table, and we started to see these developments.
A lot of the photons finally get to the top, and then they explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reflections of the upper part of the top, you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflections are focus.
Now, if we take a common and correct bullet and make it turn the same distance and see it in slow camera, about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie -- a slow bullet in motion.
And how about the death of death?
You can see the waves that are adapted from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way that nature painted a picture, I think, from a fection at a time, but of course, our eyes see an intelligent composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you will realize that, as the light is approached from the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the rebone in its inside and goes back after several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we'll give you a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you can just get some light.
We sent that bullet -- that picture package millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very tough synagitation, we took those gigabytes of data and we interpreted them complex to create those fishers that I showed you.
We can take all that data in crude and process them in a very interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero.
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light on the door, and reduction, go into the room, a part will reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light rebounds.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our feminist.
Behind the wall there is a manifestation and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communication.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our family, has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what a distance is correcting.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in brain, that you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light reboreness, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the laboratory, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going back to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open windows.
Or we could build exercises able to see the inside of the body supplying occurs, and same for cartoons.
But, of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a ask for scientists to start thinking about the photographer as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just as Diet Eden, he himself a scientist, turned science in art, an art of subsidized photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect every time is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera, color code.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billions of seconds.
But it also happens a funny thing.
If you look at the waves underneath the table, these are come from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes is invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding definition of space and time, we can correct this distortion here.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life and give you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, to get it to South American and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child in 1984, and I live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this town.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protecting a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are sitting in pursuit of a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the present have a mobile phone here?
Take them up.
Raise their mobile phones, let's pick them up.
Let them leave. An Ander, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about my phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data in brain.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The data of the data.
This director says that every European phone company, every Internet proportion of all of Europe, has to store a broad range of users information.
Who's called who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who it is.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
This whole information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in your phone company or their Internet propositor.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this collection of data.
We want the adventure in the digital age, and we don't want the carriers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Belly, no fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the St.
The Stanfode was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered whether this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Decondoil Telecom, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, that please send me all the information that I had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back and asked them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Decondoiss Telecom said, "No, we won't give this information.
In the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German Constant Court failed the remote for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly piece on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Tribe and five thousand old information lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retrospects.
So, along with Zipcar Olympics and Operation Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom out and get away, go back and forward.
You can see every step I have.
And you can see how I go from Frank in the train to Colombo, and with how often I call in the road.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people are communicating each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who send a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said earlier, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who was involved in this protest, and if the Stanfode had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in fact, neither of the Heroz Cortisus either.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But adventure and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for alliance.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to tell her friends that privacy is a 21st century value.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones that you can remember to remember you have to fight for the algorithm in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDWomen, what happens?
I call myself Massach Zackey, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, scaling up the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain parallels, so I fear all the time.
Look at it.
It's angry. I'm like a Shakespeare mix.
and Muhammad Al A.
P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not content or you can contract.
No one halfway the uterus of my mother and I wouldn't hire it, because my parents were brother cousins, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be distributed.
We're going to walk.
Carbon versions, are at the shopping center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for distributed.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little distributed?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, it's just one of them.
And there is a clip of opposition, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, distributed and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, you should do it.
I'm from Parkinson Parkinson, New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I want to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain parallels don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the candy."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it. Dance sand."
If my three older sister clearly, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were shown to the school system, and they would make sure that I was also out of it, and if we didn't take all the maximum notes, we all had the sneakers of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my tanks in his feet and just walk.
Another tactics that I used was to put a dollar in front of me to get it up.
The strategic that I take inside it was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking as a bag of bone that has received many bats.
When I grew up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think of using hate to Muslims as a campaign.
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be worried about hunger during the random.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so to help the advantage of the attack is very easy.
Galax taboo in Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with talks, so I can walk with talks.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using tales, I as well.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation in the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we will become Madagan.
In summer vaccinations, often my father was trying to save me, so I was drinking cheese milk -- I would put hot cup on the back, I was in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, work."
But the miracle was the guy.
I must say that it's very boring, but before doing yoga was a studio code that I couldn't stand on foot.
And now I can hold it on your head.
My parents reflected this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the Helloston Hospital health.
I went to college, through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for UN, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all the things.
It was like the male department of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in its classes.
Every time I did a scene from the Crime County my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to do a work called Balkan very slowly.
It's a piece of a girl with brain parallels.
I was a girl with brain parallels.
So I started screaming at four winds, "The end will have a role.
I have brain parallels.
The final fine." The final final."
Thanks to God a smooth, at the end of I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave Sharnet Brown to it.
I went to income running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk stunts done.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role for the one that literally was born and gave it to an act without brain parallels.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a serious history of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I came home, and my first actor touch was like extra in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be transmitted from "the "be "be the best crazy friend in a sand.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't look more than the number, and it was obvious to me that the reporter directors didn't hire gains and distant, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whole Georgetown, Ron Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
That's why I became human.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comics that he took when he went high speed on the surface of New Jersey with a driver that had brain parallels.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no speed.
Some people say that I'm the first monitor in the Arab world.
I never like to call the first place, but I know you never heard that little disturbing rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival now, in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in media media and to remind them to the reporter principals that subsidies and Arabs are not sensitive.
To integrate Arabs it was much easier to fight the challenge of the disability stigma of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program behind Keith Alexander.
I walked in as if I went to a graduate dance dance and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I went to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the sensor, and when I finished the interview, I was flat.
At the end I had my opportunity and disappointer. I knew they wouldn't be invited.
But not only Miss Oliver went back to me, but it was like participation in full time and pasted my chair.
And something fun I learned in direct with Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are success.
The children are criminally, but they never were worth of me and a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a furniture object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why a slime?
"Is it retropping?
And my favorite, poor block terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We really should be observing for it."
A comment suggested even that I add my disability to my currently, galaxies, cold, parallel.
Disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in wheelchair cannot make Beethoven, then Bee can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Discoveries are the disability. Yes, clapping. Come on.
The disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most underwater in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I don't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability and everyday life.
Perhaps if there were more positive images, that would promote less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Perhaps we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet planted by the Susan Lucifer piles, and the free Larry Americans.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandra and work with my dollar, the incredible Dave Mathematos.
I walk around the world by saying, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was detected in representative of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 CDC.
And I started the children of Mayaries," a charity charity to give the panic refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
"Dads in peace, paper paradox."
I call myself Massach Zagari, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy in a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little village to South Similan.
This village is near Monggoanding.
The separate pushes the little village to poverty and on the edge of the innovation.
With nothing to him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Michael, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- no job, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Michael.
After maybe a translation year, nothing.
One day you get a guy who offers him to shake it, after to dinner, to disappoint.
He knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a disaster.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to his family.
They present to a young guy.
And eventually it gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Michael, under a blue sky, was a car bomb.
That child of that little village with the dreams of the big care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Sahara, a terrorist organization connected to the Lago.
So how does the story of a little village try to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him incompletely incompletely incompletely income?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he had.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call "the hope period."
And its story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marriage, young urban urban people who are destined in Johanius -- disappear riots in London, looking for something beyond the wait period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the "mind" period, the door of access to the pandemers, to the virals, will be the history of the 2000 cities.
And in my hometown city, Michael, 70 percent of the young people are delivered.
70 percent don't work, not going to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Monterey last month, and I went to visit the Massachu hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of that hospital, that I remember thinking, and if I never had gone?
What if I had forced me to be in that same period of expect?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure.
The reason I was in Montager that month was actually to harvest a juvenile leader in a corporate current.
It's about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Michael, graduated in the university.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because he was a graduate college, I was deliberated, I was the perfect white for Al Sahara and other terrorist organizations, to be recognized.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Michael, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Severe years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
Adam saw an opportunity and the approach.
It started a motorcycle company.
It began to release motorcycles to local residents who usually couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think his ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit and I believe that corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the way the hope period."
It harvests young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately despaired.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mozart Moubia, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the commodity of corporate initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Michael has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mountern arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- you were still plastic sent from the bar.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers who were flattening?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Mountern saw an opportunity.
It started a company of skills and floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Michael, and he started growing up tubes and lists, which as he said, could survive the digital difficulty of Michaels.
And it started the delivery of flowers for embarrasses, creating gardens at home, and the city companies, and now he's working on the creation of the first Milanda public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Manhattan.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the reduced rounds.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the President of Muhammad had a really profound impact on young people.
They've never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but his story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs, that they might be artificial of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put out of their businesses.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, fix the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mounterner is not just selling flowers flood.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They added kids on the street to help rent and maintain the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the pearl "missing parameter.
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: turn young people into entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parkins and "Pearl Persons Companies."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went camping with my father in the Adam Mountains -- an area adds north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest fortune.
The sun would make the leaves glow as a violence, and not being the path that we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to pass that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a corporation on a birthday to a beautiful critic lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the corporation, there was a barrier, from about four square feet with the apple pig balls, butterfliesters of aluminum balls, and old parallel.
And I was analyzing, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The campus that were too lazy to get what they were trying, who thought he was going to clean their based on?
That question kept with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who cleans our based?
No matter how you organize or where you put our own out: who clean our trash in European?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Sanita Salarani our garbage -- at the point of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that lead?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through his trains and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it still was an intrigue.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash recovery.
I didn't just travel on the trucks. I drive them.
And I operated the mechanical scans and the snow barrier.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everyone asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as pretty pretty pretty sure as you think, and in the days that it's very strong one is being used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies still adjust to the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Odan State Office -- the recovery of waste is one of the 10 most dangerous functions of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into traffic all day and they spend it around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the inspiration of trash.
When you get out of the current and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe that waste recovers are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first protocells of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective, every day, this starts to destroy from their contrast and their inherent dangers threatens us in very real ways.
diseases that we had control for decades and centuries come back and start to give us to dance.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new so that the economy engines start to fail when the consumption is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just to sign its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed.
So with that just at the speed of which we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we climb or we take our coffee cup -- our bands of the standards, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will be accomplished from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost literally.
They're on the street every day, remotely ridiculous.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait for them.
And their work allows us to do the ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us from ourselves, from our own waste, our disabilities, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the farm of a waste collection truck in the street, grabbed my young son, and he went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled board as all the microscopes did.
And I tried to thank you to do his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just saturated, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
Let's be right."
Shortly after that, I started researching the recovery of waste and I went back to see that man.
It's called Palestine, we worked together a lot of times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
Let's be okay.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of labor.
municipal waste, what we think about when we talk about based, represent three percent of the amount of waste of nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking in our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of building that they showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get right."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight them.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crisis with crystals generates heat inside, so it takes a lot of fortune.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, its life has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a pinch to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the ancient market that is this free structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small sellers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it is also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in a hundred feet extension.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, and put all the entries out of the building.
And this is extended with an included atrium, which creates a free space in the building that automates, by its own shape, of the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a strike of ant with profits to allow the input of the air, and also in a filtered way.
Then we inspire ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the sexual steps.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little predatory pieces that are windows that let the air go through the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is completely completely completely completely completely completely completely using light from the inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That is not a mall. It wasn't what we ask.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center because at the end of the concert there were more local people to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy advance for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these forests on the roof, which are together collecting water for the sanitations of the inside.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project that large, the biggest that I had designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen disorder doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these papers.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we support a framework that makes sure most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with papers, and then in the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians for the pen.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density in the lower plant.
And it also reflects this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retrieving the community that is occupied by construction.
This is where all the neighbors, they can go up and solving, and do that like running a two miles a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl went into our class. It was so remarkable.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little short of little picks, cute. It was very strong for the capital capital capitals, very good for orangutan.
I ended up that year, and I was full of cells, until I was training my sensor plan.
I took a day after the spot of school, and I was a little bit late and hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was slowly, I went out in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the calling book.
And then I did.
Alternative the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All the things.  And I went back to the book to the box. But to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a border, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them all to the stores of Deet and myself a row of the Life, just because I could be there.
I still am surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all desperately obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered by this little girl, so small, it was so good for origami.
I was intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so personalized.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also primates, blue birds are very property.
We know that cells are the number one cause of suggestions in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because the novels are like the lab that the cells are studying in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no cells, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Hellocal influence, there would be no "Order."
There would be no cheap chole, no "Gold and a night."
There would be no Shakespearers.
It would be the list of high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Noise and the Fire," there would be Galiberts and "For "For "For "Man: We lose Manhattan Borry and "And K.
No choices, no Professor. I know it's fashionable to say that Proud has the answers for everything, and in terms of the cells, almost that it has all of them.
This year is a hundred years of their masterpiece, "In search of the lost time, the most excited study of sexual cells, and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Professor, we have the sensitive details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a marriage of bandsaid in your band.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it was books that Virginia World said were as tough as a cat tribe.
I don't know how cat tribe is, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the cells and the Professor.
Is it very obvious that the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their prints, are a good narrative base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel choles.
When we feel cholesters, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
By the narratives and the audience, we know exactly what you want to get in, to clear the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that I understood it.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And he starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proud says that every single amount of cool shop that Sweden detects in his lover, adds to her collection of torture instrument in his private camera.
You have to admit that Swease and Proud, they were notoriously cells.
You know, Proud boys would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are agreed.
It's a hungry excitement. You have to feed it.
And what are the chores?
The cells are nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of hair and the cute and the little little little bit of little piles.
The cells are nurtured from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful.  And it promised the language of the academic language with the cells.
When Sandy is in his chair of cells, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover -- then he defends those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that this is reputated, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text, or to look at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prom is trying to show that the cells are introduced and makes us seem absolutely, but in their message, they are service of knowledge, the pursuit of truth, a painful truth. In fact, to the process of promise that Professor considerably, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss. These were the pathways to the Seron wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a much more profound range of feelings that a wise man can interest us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crowd-like women.
No, I think he's trying to say that cells reveal ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveal us our agency, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other emotion that taught us to look at so peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about it later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman was encouraging it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everyone knew it.
The poor creature was under suspected without any cause.
But he looked for things that he was doing his wife, without notice, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or does it accidentally round with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the cost of the unconscious, his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity but no precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal acts of icons.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A fear of Michael at 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the one that was sent to violent messages, horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of her former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, react with admiration with admiration with it.
Because, let's be realistic.
What huge -- even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a Nigerian Patrian novel.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She is a very strange, brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "Stopped Stone in the Tabian and "The talented Mr. Role and books that are about how the cells -- they confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the kingdom of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be darker in an instant.
Let's take Tom Republic, his most famous character.
Tom Republican is going to be wanting or want what you have to take away from your being and to stand on what you ever had, and it's under the floor -- responds to your name, takes your rings, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Round Robert route.
I can't give everyone the world, as much as I want to do it.
It's a little bit of pity.
We live in times of cholesters.
I mean, we are good citizens of social media where the coin is the sense? Right?
The novel shows us the going? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not secure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Baker Street by Baker Street and ask for Shake Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, he thinks about the malaria in Professor Morabbi, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred -- "The Research Setter, the expensive head of rat from State Card that needs Hollywood despaired desperately needs the German genius -- but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs its help, but the resistant, and bubble burning on each of the mysteries in the middle.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Nosexual Adventure -- once Hollywood comes in, I sleep all with their solution, Lesterland goes back to Hollander and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Hollands.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Secretion Card that I wouldn't like to hurt your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood in history. I look like this very emotionally. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to be treated as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollander is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they are on the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a geometry of geometry, just a question of where we have to be in relation to another?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continent plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to consume them.
Only fiction demonstrated the cells.
The fiction alone is dominated, you invite them to the table.
And look at the thing: the Lesterland Dead, the terrifying Tom Role, the crazy Sanda, the same Mark Proud.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Builder Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11 and described about the Sea of the Transistor.
Armstrong and Alzheimer's were alone, but their presence in the gray surface of the surface was the culmination of a conversational collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobility in time in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo One.
But before the Apollo program finances, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Dozen walked on their surface, which Alzheimer's death after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of back a lot, 315 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would stand after that, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kenya at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya, some ask, why the moon the Moon?
Why will it turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why would it climb the highest mountain of mountain?
35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic.
Why does Rice play Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Post: For the controls, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder in the rise of the power of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the polygehouses were radious, and the smallpox is checked.
Technology seemed to get what Alani Hollywood called accident force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a boat with sale, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being returned to the moon.
Nobody has travel faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism of the technology of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to be introductive.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 shoes.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Vietnam.
I just knew that this would be the last moving mission, but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have distracted us and recorded with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a paradigm explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies that the years when Intel and Microsoft, Microsoft and Generali.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the favorites, in particular, the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that venture investment caused that the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their long-term point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments -- the mining investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Cerrych has always had problems in order to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and which development is long-term development -- they've never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve large problems because they have no immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and babies. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar energy and wind, and oil is cheaper than biodiversity.
We want alternative power sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what politics and international treaties would include development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy from America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from the time that famines are result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affects food distribution.
Technology can improve things like cookies or systems for storage and report of food, but there will be famine while bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes sell a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will tell the war to cancer in 1972, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant kinds of treatment, and only over the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatment.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it should really be a technological problem, and we must understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, is to meet those criteria.
But it's a mortality model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no galaxy in the Cold War, like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who hurt the difficult and the dangerous, and there is no popular science of science like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And actually, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you of the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a meeting, there has been a great decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recognition, the goal and the task has been wonderfully interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, a target and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge you to think that you may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of belief that trust has demonstrated.
When you look at the prisoners over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were disappointed 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disorder.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are pretty confidently: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half of the way.
But is this enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Does it trust politicians in the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you to be a short?
You trust the fisheries?
You trust the primary teachers?
You would probably start to ask, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answer your question, "Well, trust some, but in other people."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deliver the confidence differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain type of office, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could say, for example, I rely on a certain teacher of primary primary that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to save a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why are we leaving all that knowledge when we think about confidence in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good judgment of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue.
I would have more confidence in what is designing of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradox of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who defeared their savings with the very appropriately named Mr. Mahatur, who then disappeared with them, I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Confidence defended or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say that, he says, yes, yeah, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competition? Are they honest? Are you accountable to it?
And if you find that a person is competitive in the perfect matter, and it's responsible and honest and then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it won't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're forced.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competitions.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely disappointed.
If it is, I still haven't been referred.
But that's what we're looking for, trust before it trust.
The trust is the answer.
Confusion is what we need to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accounts for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that make us easier the job to judge their trustworthiness.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative role than to see the part itself.
And we find the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional institution, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee conflict and the confidence testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to make the work of people who have to make difficult tasks, like the parts, excited that they make the cars: as we say.
You sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more conflict, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we will convey the people that we are reliable and whether we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trust.
It's not easy. It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes that are not becoming.
Third, the task.
It will call the task to rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, it's different because they give us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough base for you to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't dig it, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to have a factor that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, makes the ordinary people, the working, the institutions very effectively.
I'll give you a simple business example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them to no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not very difficult to discover.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been holding us to reduce separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen where imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has been derived, more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the speech of the glass of a touch screen, and the power of the computer has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong print against the screen transforms its physical body to polls.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers.
But the two hands still remain out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the divide of Science Apples of Microsoft, along with my mentor Catholic Bolly, he redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book from a state.
You can take the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come to us?
Many of us will have bought and destroyed things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physicists so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Rehambir Post, we created this only physical poll.
This risk is behaving as a 3D pant in space, which means that both the computer and users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was announced the gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors activist.
And by programming the object digitally, we release it from the time restrictions and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach the cocious and distance colors, and the famous tail of Michael Jordan, can be replicated as a physical reality the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us as part of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become giant for two years in Hungaria, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses in the password.
But my mother torn said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly create that there was only a close path to happiness, a safe job and well standard.
No matter if the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start training from very young people to learn the accessibles, so I tried everything I could to go to the school of the story.
I had to write to the school director and a radio program.
But no adults loved the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at age 15 years old, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another vote.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to the books.
"Treatments Completely (Come Charles." East American -- I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about the Chinese capital life.
And it's not pretty conventional. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reverse: "Honor your father and your mother."
"Honor, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obeyes."
So it became my tool to come out of this guilt of color and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparison habit.
Bring a lot of perspective.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I never had to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields as a research field and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it provides academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
That's how I started reading books from two.
You can try to be about "Wholeness Franklin From Walter McCardon who were involved in the same place, or friends with shared experiences.
For Crime, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they are all psychologists, lust, fear and the social. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The way the Taliban Thail Take The Water Camera Water instead of losing in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that "limited in Chinese literally means fast "life." Jazee."
And "New in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to feel just or imposed before.
Having a death dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their more important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a death dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here, happy living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychologist of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in climate psychology at Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using chests and a holy tone, lying in my office of my office and told me he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so elevated.
My classroom had a pilot as a first client.
And I got a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could manage it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we replaced the solution.
"The three-dimensional is the new tenths: I would say, Alex, and so I was right, she was right.
You start working on, you get home after, you have children later, to death goes on.
For Verins like Alex and I had the surface time.
But soon after, my superior pushed me to press Alex that would speak about her love life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Yeah, he's coming out with guys underneath your category, and it deals with a head head, but it's not like it was going to marry it."
And then my superior said, "Not yet, but maybe you marry the next time.
Also, the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before it goes on."
This is what psychologists call a "Hello Mom."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but it didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
It made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and its loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the surroundings of the every side.
There are 50 million people in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one gets to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20th.
I want to see the versions here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with vegetables, you love a version, take your dream a vest, I want to see. It's okay. Incredible, the versions of truth matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Here, "Hey, who shape his life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner.
We know that the brain finishes its second and final growth of growth in their 20th and represents for adults, which means that if there is something that you want to change themselves, now it's the time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time of life and we know that female fertility gets to their top at 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about child development, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily life and common has a demonstrated impact on the person who will become a disability in the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the versions are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are accomplished by the salary names like "Twitter and "Chariots."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a training that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonard Bernander said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when they give you a pain in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it is absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart vegetables, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that while it starts a race before 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for finishing and still I have nothing to show you.
I had better culture the day I graduated from college.
And then he starts to sound something like this: "My quotes for the 20th were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music turned off, and everybody started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30.
Where are the vests here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the three and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not comparisons, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stable to do everything in the 30s.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of arrangements and curves see themselves, and I sit in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the versions are doing and thinking.
Here is a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a mammal.
As it was cheaper, I was living with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And in spite of living about 20 very difficult lives, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He often cried in our sessions, but then she lifted herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day Emma came to put his head on her legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new free book, and he had spent the whole morning by making her a lot of contacts, but then he kept looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In case of emergency, please call you."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an automation accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say, "I me."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that would really worry.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit down while the decent decade of Emma went forward.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all Venterback, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma race, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity of identity creates identity capital.
So now it's the time for that work on the other side of the country, of that internet, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not taking the distant exploration, I'm distributed the exploration that I shouldn't count, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's programming.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surreality.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the verbs that are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who comes out almost always comes out of their closest circle.
The new things come from what they call weak friends of friends.
Yes, half of the will have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way of collaborating this group.
Half of the jobs created never be published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not less important, Emma believed that you don't pick your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a window, Emma soon chose his family, when she has a couple and she makes his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit in mind than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now, or you stand now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it or kill the time that I choose them.
So what happened with Emman?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously chosen.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with version.
It's very easy to help you.
The versions are like airplanes coming out from the airport of Los Angeles that go out somewhere in the West.
Just before the disability, a slight anger in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fire.
In the same way, at the age of 21, and even 20, a good conversation. A good disability, a good desperate, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here is my idea that my idea of spreading all the verbs you know.
It's just as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling the versions as Emma every day, the tribes are not the new 20th, they claim their adult, they get identity capital, use their weak links -- choose your family.
They're not going to be defined by what they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a job that was even more exciting, the dozen.
I went to show you mathematics to student students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the job came back, I would calculate the grades.
What struck me attention was that C. I was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had better performance didn't have Contist Conticts.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that started to think.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh degrees -- secure, they're difficult) Proposals, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivating perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
It's the C, but what if you succeed in school and in life it depends on much more than the ability to learn a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios. And in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to military Academy Post.
We tried to predict what you would stay in military training and who will be retreated.
We went to the National Consumer of Delhical and tried to predict what kids would move as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, wondering, which of these marketers are going to keep their job party?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts -- it came up with a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determining.
Determining is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to affect their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marriage, not a race at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questions, and then wait about a year to see who they were graduating.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly more likely to graduate -- even when they were going to empty them in every feature that I could measure, things like the family income, the results of standardized tests, even the safety that children were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Consumer of Delhis in which the determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk of leaving it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a stage ethical speech?
How do I keep them motivated for the long peak?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them a determinity.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determining is commonly not related or even related to the media measurements.
So far, the best idea I've ever heard about developing determination in children is something called "The Group Mental."
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Dam, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Doyar has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to persuade when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determinity.
But we need more.
And that's where I will end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if you've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all over again with the learning lessons again.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growth in Taiwan as the daughter of a category, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a bathroom, it seems to be as impressive as the Great Wall Museum.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can describe this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the pieces of every aspect in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic, I would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need 1,000 to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature -- enough to read transit signals, messages of restaurant, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I start with eight to show you how method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a freezing way, "And "I'm by by burning -- this symbol is actually original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
Tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door of the door looks like a couple of doors.
I call these eight characters.
These are building blocks to believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's follow."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying "shell that way."
The person within the mouth is attracted.
It's a prisoner like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table underneath the tree, we have the financials.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "dead!  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire.
Two fires together, it makes it very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prioritized.
Three together, those are flashless.
Put the sun and the moon bringing together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. You put a table inside the door, is the brain certificate.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scaling, evaporating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is adulthood.
So we've already spent for nearly 30 characters.
When you use this method, the first eight radical radio will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of characters of characters, which is the same thing as a Chinese eight Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a foot mountain. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun along with the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese employees were delivered to their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a goal.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer about being a dad are the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four, we saw the magician of Ozz together.
The movie dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glay, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand, basically.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial faith of child schools.
However, the Oak magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a hundred years later, curiously, another film whose prototypes, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed as an enemy guide.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a huge difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the magician of Ohrio and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the May of One.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the pandemics.
But I think if the Oka magician was done today, the magician would say, Doris, you are the saving of Ohria as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the gender computer-generated army computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the OK of One is that the most heroic characters, wise and even rape are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the superior level had gone down --  -- so he woke up in the room and I was impressed as a mom standing on his papers behind me, and I don't think he understood what happened, but indicator, I was absorbing everything.
And I wonder what I had.
Would you be issues of value, personality and lesson?
Would you have the sense that Luke is a military to defeat the government?
We'll compare this with the 19th magic magic.
How do I win Doris his movie.
By doing good guys with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow on, right? And not a world of men who fight that is where we are.
Why is there so much force Fallo, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow barriers?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this structure.
I know that the Leonardo princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that are mix.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really expected that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My quest has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on deliberating the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend the prisoners of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the children, even though they, the kids, aren't really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the parallel, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to defend the parallel.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like India and Katastinas, but they don't stop being war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classical after classical after classical -- each of them about a child's adventure or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who put a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Asia.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the Critic said when Valley came out of the way?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films happens the Belly test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There's still no roots and already supported, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alice Beck is a comic chain, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend on the evaluation of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you need to do: in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to get the requirement out.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Their conversations are about something more besides the guy who just like that?  Okay?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Arid.
Right? Russells of Oscarrow, tapir success -- a consensus idea of what's a quality Hollywood movie.
Pretty much no matter the Bees test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the rest of the reneshed.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the activities to take a look at the door and say, you see the bed, slide?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, the 100 more popular movies, how many of them believe they have female protests?
It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we have recently chosen for Congress, then okay.
But there's a larger number that is going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music or pornography videos are closely linked but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there's a lot of sexual aggressions.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What do you not get to learn?
Are you assuming the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence and then compute the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we assignment that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a good power, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask, "Go power is going to protect them if at the same time, active or passively, we're educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the sandwich.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from Star Wars did you know what he said?
Okay.
World Kenya and Glay.
What do these two are in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant vessel.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone else, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to tell my son, "Go and fight only and more stories where he was seeing that his job is to join a team -- maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the magic magic.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine, because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contagious.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look at them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying gender, I realized that seeing my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of 3,000 miles of length along the Nine.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see it differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared using.
This is a place in the Eastern Delta Delta called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked view, seems brown to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright break.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian environments.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Iraq was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because at the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Electrons have always known that Iran was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicate within red circles here, but somewhere within this huge rainforest planning.
This area is enormous. It's about 6,000 miles per mile.
Before, the only flower right next to Iranian and as it changed over time, it turned to this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a self-defended city on a strange landscape?
Trying to find the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paradise, with the eyes sold and using baseball guys.
So, we use NASA social data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nine flowers.
But you can see more delicately, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated that you see inside the circle here, that we think it might be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs. You can see here.
When I say a show, it's like the sample of sample in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we seek layers of human opinion.
Five meters below a thick layer of low, we found a dense layer of chemistry objects.
This means that in this possible location of Iraq, five meters down, we have a layer of very many hundred years of the Middle Empire, exactly the same period as we think it's Iranas.
We also found workers and colonies, surface and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the spider of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a jewelry jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Iran here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, I was probably written in Iraq 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of the votes.
There's nothing like that on land.
So in the way, TED wasn't founded in 1984 Dr. C.
It made ideas happen really started in 1984 B.C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the search for sea colors in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese northerns in bikes.
They're competing in a new bike career and they are in direction to their purpose door.
I need you to see this really.
They're standing strong, they're supply, they go a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on the side of the side of the wheels that end up in abused places.
To the lobby, or what there is on the other side of the door, and watch the quality of light, the light is shining on the Gulf of the Galapagos.
He's waving them with the hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue pole by making it on the nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell that it's about to get into the mouth.
They go on the one side and enter their living room.
It's already in the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Speeds.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing Hima Babyld One Mind Time."
Now give me to the kitchen.
The ground has been recorded with a path of yellow barries, and from the oven come to you Doka, the Manhattan Man and the Spanish and the Lean Mack of "The Or Marine Marine: addressed by your hands.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is conducted by every spring in New York.
It's called the Member of Mexico Camera.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting. I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They merged the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They measured entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize much more quickly the order of a national barrier.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomenal from nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coop who had come from England and have one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Yeah, when do you realize you were a kind of such?
Ed said, "I am not a wise guy.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everyone who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Yeah. How did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside of the hall of competition, and Ed, who is wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit of exciting, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Speeds?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Brian Speeds how to memorize order in a living nation barrier, on national TV.
That would prove the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Speeds, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something no?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's an amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this guy.
This is Kim Peero. He was based on the role of Duta Howell in the "Russian Man."
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, mixing phone cubicles -- it was central.
And when you go back, a number of treaties on written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Afghanistan and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and disciplined and grown was not as weird as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this sensitive competition of memory.
It's actually not so singularity. There's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: will it be that it has brains in some way, structural or anatomically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of control to compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resilience, they scan their brains while they memorize numbers and faces and forms of snow copy, found that in memory champions are lit parts of the brain, different than others.
In effect, they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The transit of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year is a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times compassion of memory.
On his desk, in front of him, there are 36 characters of delivered nights that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just he died.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 444 binary binary digits.
In half an hour. Yes.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call the electrical contraction.
It illustrates with an elegant paradigm known as the Barbarabby Parkinson's Saying: "But I tell two people to remember the same word. I tell you to you -- remember, there's a man named Barbity."
That's his fellow.
And then I ask you, remember, there's a baby bad."
And when I go back later, and I ask you that word I told you about a while ago?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Barbie is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his job is baby."
The same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Barbie, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, barrier." We know shoes.
They use simple white hats.
They have room in your hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some shoes.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting the associative links to fight them easily at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago.
It's known as the memory of the memory.
The story says this: There was a poet called Similants that assemble a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, he didn't get to a DJ, he hired a poet to you.
He stood up, he recorded her memory poem, and she married it, and so soon it was the room of the bank collapsed.
Show them all.
But not only did they all kill them all, but it destroyes the bodies by leaving them.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
And so they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similants, standing outside, only survivor in the middle of the rubble in the middle of the fruits, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every single invited ever been.
It took the family family to take them to where their loved ones were in the rubble.
What Simon did at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it's that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names, or phone numbers or instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and extraordinary spatial memory.
If you asked me to take the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Systems, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who sat on the horse pan brown in your lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palette is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, disabled, free, scary and awkward is the image, more unexpected to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, the first memory treatments in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in
And how does it work?
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that Circle had done if you've invited the CEO 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to see some kind of an absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unexpected image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely imputs competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and to see the Montana of the Gallon Month on Miss Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cookie.
And then you would see Britney Spiercess to remind you that funny anecdote they want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman partners memorize their speeches -- not word for words, that will confuse them but, typical by typical.
In fact, the term three-dimensional comes from the Greek "The Guyman," which means place."
It's a vessel of when people think about the orbit and in the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase of the first place: it would be like the first place in its memory palm.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I was filled on that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this substance of competitive members.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a paleous boring event.
So seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting in tests, I mean, the most exciting thing about is when someone is masking the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school water bought in a pan market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertained.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, chemicals, productive, insulins, absolutely been unexpected, in the eye of mind.
I was very hooked at this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security goggles covered by just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could increase, in a kind of participatory recording experiment.
I thought this could serve from good epilepsy for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contextuality, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers and shopping lists -- but this is actually not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need it to be built by memory palms or member barriers -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
Often we talk about people with a big memory as if it's an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deep.
The memory paleonion, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real attacks.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of full attention that most of the people don't go down there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memorable.
And if there is something that I want to leave you with today, this is what I expect, the amazing that I couldn't even remember that I had a problem of memory, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what already is our short existence missing in the Black or IPM, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walks our side. Will we be so holes that we don't even bother to process in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you should be the kind of person who remembers to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we'll address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N, Jerusalem, I was six years old and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Linanatus, and this was my children's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there everyone was looking at the table looking at the telescope. So every time I was going from my room to the bathroom, everybody saw me, and every time I was shower and I wrapped up on a towel. Everyone would see me.
And I was like this.
It was trained, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Right.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not about the division of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what evolved you, think of power, "story" and democracy."
And I know that you think about it as well as based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a design that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, very long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful. Because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanizations and the governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, and it has this round thing, columns -- colored, red barrier, that let me train what Living is trying to communicate with this building -- the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was done, which looks like this.
He's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of you called libraries, are that completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the penguin.
On one side there is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms today.
We promote and we put it down so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black, this is depressed, you think we feel very good, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect with those preconceived symbols.
So we do, and we're all happy, but we feel like translators, so we start to experiment again, we make the penguin slide on the back, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out from the 1970s.
The architects were busy experiencing with the so-called "the crap."
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can be advertising.
Small windows on the disability scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the penguin back into the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like and we update them.
We add near and we add cake and we use new materials.
You love it.
We don't give the book.
We take Charlie armed and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval tables made of glass.
The forms were addressed, they won in audacity and color.
The waters became columns.
The circuits grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the time in shopping centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be the meditation, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a small shot of bread.
This is what happens with the police.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Torison.
This is Ohio.
architects are frustrated and we started making the penguin slide in the other direction.
In the 1980s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with so-called deconstructions.
We disappear the historical symbols, now we have new computer design techniques, and we find new compositions, a few ways that stars against other ways.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super impact. One is totally excluded.
Normally, the surface of new in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
This is Bilboon Gehushable.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul German said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times called this military construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Specialist.
Everyone wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these ways, wild and radically, how are you possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was gained around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing made the world's main mayors did.
And so everyone believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, with other star architects.
He happened to Zalayay and Liberians, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of the information consumption.
Think about, for example, how you eat architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to walk to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be turning.
Accessible technology. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and ultimately, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before knowing if the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we meet buildings like this.
Bright wasn't a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ants, steel or the association, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the population to the media of communication, it starts to surgery more and faster to be in both extremes almost in similarity, and it is effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol -- between us, architects and you, the audience.
We can now do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company recently ended up.
We were hired to replace this building that was unconsciously.
This is the center of a village called Pink in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked like exactly the promoter product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people began to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media medium, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruptions with the collective memory, and when you load these symbols.
That is, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those Libbrits of Living.
If that building is built today, we would first go to the Internet in search of new library."
We'd be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what it can be a library.
That's monogues.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Linanatus, people in Linux, and tell you that there is no single response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use brilliant words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a disappointed audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let you intimate by architecture.
That means that the false point of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find adequate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings tomorrow will be very different than the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of September can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad imagination historical imagination in the ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are looking at the whims of nature and not the other control.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can be served to sports or for yoga. Or even you can marry there at night.
So this means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East Rivering East in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community united around that cause, no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little gallon of renewals, so mushroom and fiber as the animals that are going to be seen.
Because no matter whether it's a cow, or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more eco-friendly buildings, smarter and more nano-state.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not opposite at all.
Find an architect, to control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it way to the smallest spaces, the local library, the households where we form our children, and the door of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
He just turned a year and he already started walking.
And it makes it a great, typical way of a year, to be transferred, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that likes the most is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
You go down and child, and you give himself those big, wet bits.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, when I stopped doing this?
How is it that we all suddenly aren't comfortable with our life?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I fall?
This is Fari, she's 13 years old and lives in Denmark.
And like any teenagers, it just wants to be deadly and fight.
It's a Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
He has a little scary. It's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Between what his mom says and what his friends or the friends of school are saying, he doesn't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of herself -- publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a shot, "Am I nice or free?"
Well, until now, Fahor has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so deeply, that it doesn't even deserve the penis thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correct, which receives these responses on one of the stages of their more emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, taking the "more like, saying "I like, "I think, share, publishing, this never ends.
We have never been so connected to that in a very instant way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go out with that are installative.
This environment, to be always connected, is struggling to our children to shoot based on the number of "I like you have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the most highlight in somebody's life in front of somebody in front of a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are completed from the news of the girls now.
Models of stuck zero continue to dominate our steps.
The technical technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, Texas, Chimpane, Zipbale and Property.
For those who recognize it, Property means profitable.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are comparing with.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the super-generation stars of sports and the romantic singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy individuals and be individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed with the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and others start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as you contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to attract attention for their physical assumption.
One in five are not attending classes at all, when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see enough right, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note on the average of your fellow the average of your fellow that you don't care about that approach.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland.
And it gets independent of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really you.
The low self-esteem on its body is delivering the academic performance.
And it's also marking health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetable -- they participate in more dinosaurs that can take them to food descending.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this so they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug consumption -- dramatic diet stress, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and the infrastructure damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is presenting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight again, regardless of whether or don't have higher rates of assumption.
17 percent of women don't introduce a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
Learning this potential is the interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, of course, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing the situation.
So we must make sure that the program that we follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six things are critical party points for anyone to provide an education in body sub-Saharan that works.
An education is fundamental -- but face this problem requires each of us that take the ridges in the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
Difficult the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in the size of hair or the size of their chest, or to incomplete that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people by what they are, not for as you can see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you had a mirror missing?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow out to value their whole person, value the individual, the diversity of the income.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestrian.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that go on the big screen because we will just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they can never stop them from being who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
A wife?
Do your sister in?
To your daughter.
Is his sand on your sand? Her friend?
It could be just the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice in his interior, which assembled him for not having long legs -- mustaches more deliberately, a more flat foot, smaller feet for?
What would it mean for her if we were to overcome this, and we would say it leaders to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is leaving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach you that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is we love them for who they are, and for how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we speak and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little trades of a year of age today, become agents of safe change agents themselves.
Let's do that.
On November five in 1990, a gentleman named Steven Washington entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meron Kahara, the leader of the League of Defense Just Jewish.
To be initially disappointed to them, but being a prisoner for other minor charges, in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, sensors and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI information.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
He later would be convicted by their participation on that attention.
Santa Wish is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require much to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are all so deadly to their conversations that you think you have to use every possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat down with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to the Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the call of the Canada that without knowing our group, and he was visited by the FBI.
When I got to pull, my father helped me hold the risk on the shoulder, and I was explaining how to aim about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave to the little orange light on the target, and for all of all, especially mine, the whole goal was on fire.
My uncle turned into the other and in Arabic, he said, "Boy abundance."
From such father, as a son.
The whole comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be condemned to put a van van with 700 pounds of explosions in the underground parking to the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and I did another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "Mambar, which means you.
When I was 19, I had moved to me 20 times, that instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable near someone already was time to play and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class with frequency was victim of materials.
I was able to secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and regular, it was enough.
So most of the time was going on at home reading books, watching television or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- to grow under fantastic, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put up my thinking was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a college program in which I participated in National Conservation Junieling, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on youth violence -- like I had been victim of material almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who had been done, was Jewish.
It took several days to go out into the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and frankly, I felt very proud to be able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was infant.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the gay people were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most enjoyable and less critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been come from child, developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice, exactly the way I wish to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be homo, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Dalin Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me interestingly honest to my interpretations, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my parade at a time when I was desperately needing.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father, extraction, wasn't in the garden.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that I'm going to persuade in my heart forever, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with interesting documents, and he said, "I'm tired of hearing."
And at that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zagari Brother.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone -- some day, who is trying to lead violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was confronted to this violent and intelligent ideology I didn't get fantastic.
Conversely, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against pressures.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones. For the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism to speak, against those actually meaningless acts as the actions of my father.
With this simple sense of me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my dad.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-tough movie.
It's 3D and it has a supermarket sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has analogous, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger -- your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like the moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the director.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are we not just robots that are processing what we receive to produce results without experiencing the movie internation?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, for nature, is objective for nature.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there may never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I preserve that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's time for the science to address consciousness."
And since then, there was a real bang, a fluid of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations -- correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansashavar presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of corruptions.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain that this kind of neuroscience of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain to consciousness, questions about what certain areas of the brain are doing and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offering neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't address the real mystery of this matter -- why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there an interesting first movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like emerging, like humanities, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical transmissions are all cases of emerging behaviors, how emergencies operate how the humanities work, how the human reproduces, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of these are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the grant, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a scientific material material.
I want a scientific theory of the anti-power transmission that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, so we get used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
And actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective function, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of pure reductioning consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promoted.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental barriers: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
Instead, they are considered fundamental and that the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is alarming.
In the 19th century Marchadol discovered that you cannot explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass -- laws of Newton -- then I put the basic laws of the electronics, and it posts electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- space time, mass, mass, charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to add the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental bar of nature.
This doesn't mean that it suddenly is not the object of science.
But it opens the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can afford them in a fire.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can afford them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called passing, "Dan for everyone, "mainforaring for mind, every system is aware -- not only humans -- the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a photograph has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are intelligent or they think.
It's not that a photograph can be full of angels when he thinks "Yes, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rounds."
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some creative feeling element.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How would anybody think something so crazy?
This is partly the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems all the way that it seems illegal, it's much less for the different cultures, where the human mind seems more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's awareness.
complex information process, like in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Giant Tonyan, I took this kind of theory and developed it right with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called a philosophy, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of paint, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration in a mouse -- very significant, a pretty important awareness.
But when you get to the books, microbes, particles -- the party degree shows up.
The level of interaction of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tonyan, there will still be a level of different awareness of zero.
I actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of paint, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that the pandemic can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies the deal.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the equations out?
From the psychological vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right there.
This vision, I think, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be incomplete.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had consciousness, then it should be vegetable.
If you're a paradox and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think that I think about it, this tends to transform your views, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral connectivity, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samantha in the "Fire-power movie.
Is it conscious?
According to the view of the pancreatic information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have a fairly serious ethical problem on the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of the plate of them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of whole collectors, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this full TED group -- different movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should take seriously.
So this particular view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is a universal thing.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, that's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait at night in the morning.
But I think we'll finally be able to find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Perhaps we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to take it for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's pretty nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't actually get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother file, and it spent a lot of time looking at the "Business Saulers and Dalaes Creek."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mellowath, just after about 20 minutes in the 21st class of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
And I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking to you about the diamond law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, talk about inspirational things in school?"
"And usually, in the act of actor.
And then when I realized, this child had had experiences with disabled disabilities as objects.
And we're not. And it's not guilt of the girl, so that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our magnetics.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair chair, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to decide to you straightforward.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability, right?
Yes, you've sold us the lie that disability is Maldiver, Mala, Millery Magazi.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you excellent.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make you excellent.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread this lie even more of this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this one: "Before I abandon it, intelligent."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without the hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with a fiber fiber fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn deliberately, because they contrast a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we cost the disabled disabilities of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I have been absorbed to let me express that I am brave or a source of inspiration and this happened before my job had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to wake up my morning and remember my own name.  And this is cooking.
These images, these images classify people with disability in benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had a few things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "people distributed, deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more distributed because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
The things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of his ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to confront them in the way we do that, by sharing those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a computer.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here to break inspiration here, and you think, "For God, Star, are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability everywhere.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learn that this is a great idea to use a few barriers of barrier to pick the things that they fall off.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battle of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that excites and costs.
I really believe that that lie that you have sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social disability model.
A lot of smiles in the face of the stairs have never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never.   So saving on a television screen won't make the sub-stores for deaf people.
It's not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and incredibly completely converting these books to the brain.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sat in his bedroom watching "Busine Salart Does not consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have such a low expectations of people who are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree of 11 degrees in a high school of Melbourne is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user users.
Disability doesn't make us exciting, but to question what you think about what you do about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented and professional football, with empathy empath?
And what is the average speed of a nano-state galaxy?
Unfortunately, today just to answer one of those questions, so please don't disappear.
When people think about "Mind-world Refugee and at Tom Crossos by giving the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
And the augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So, how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, this is what I wear -- the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass. They're a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game of 150 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a man of 110 pounds are passionate, trying to take us out of all of their self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is to use under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NASA practice because the idea of the NASA emergency is a submarine climbing on the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klami: Go.
It's horrible to be talking.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
Presentations?
Go!
Chris Klami: As you can see, it's a test of what is being played in the football field from the paradigm of the tape.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cortex at the University of Washington.
field market, Math 54. Matters 54.
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Klami: This is a little bit more the feeling to be in the field, but nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and I've been asked in YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marriage.
Or a correction?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full of film? How do we bring it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Ocean Richard, which surely many people know.
The Octopor Octopar has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing it." No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CC: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain that is beginning for his life.
What is the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adam Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a tape with the arm before running and making an analog? What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be Messer running through the cane, launching the balance on the bottom of the network? Or Ferris doing a sand in Wildlin?
What is your experience when he leaves a mountain to over 100 miles as a spectrograph of the Olympic school?
Maybe you increase the sales of parallel for adults.
But this is still not even increased.
It's just virtual reality, Richard.
How do we get augmented reality, Ray?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the morning and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win partnerships?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at the NASA.
In 1965, the Pittsburgh of Baltimore put her field to their field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the cans of the field marriage and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see your next game shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you wear -- you will no longer have to worry about forgetting a game.
And to memorize strategy.
They just go out into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose party parties, and they hate paralyzed.
If you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But increasing reality is not just a market of improved strategies.
And increasing reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your game of playing.
How would it go?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people that are below.
You also get information from the seasons of the helmet and the accelerators, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have information.
This would differentiate the good teams of the bad guys.
So your team of computers will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marriage.
You get the balance and you get back.
You look for an open receiver -- all of a sudden a flat on the left part of your bombsight is shown you that a defense behind you is going to attack you -- you wouldn't see it, but the L.A. system is away.
You move into the area of protection.
Another flow has an open receptor.
You launched the ball, but you were going to be dead.
And the balance loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lit and can modify the race.
You approach, you get the ball, run and angry.
The public put up and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that will create a mass emotion on the side.
It will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too cost-effective.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth of sports leads.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live being presented?
How much is it worth a Harvard Dangless or a Neil Deckable Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of training and Karashientia?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service at the Higgs Pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years a couple of those 23 years, I spent the southern end of the Condor of Mary, including the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful visions of San Francisco -- the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a sand for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, an encouraged boss of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much supportive of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical and probably."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so the each of your concerns freed you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free from four to five seconds, the body chose against the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of which beat vital organs.
The majority dies in the impact.
Now, the ones that don't normally fit into the individual water and then they get drowned.
I don't think that those of you who are contemplating this method of suicide realize the death of death to the face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people go to the before of living.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man spoke to an official controlling his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we succeeded that day to bring it back on the bar.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but officials as well.
We've been running a long way since then.
Today, weather officials and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22, last year to receive a call of a possible suicide subject sitting in the corner near the center.
I said, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and had flown to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I flew up to here twice before New Jersey to try to support from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology. Zeild created Pandert, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You know, never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From she came out parallels, sheep, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and no hope?
He stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and it left.
This nice, smart, smart boy in New Jersey had just taken his life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how she was.
The parents in Jason had asked it.
The core damage of the suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family or a friend or someone loved was suicide?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you have to listen.
You'll hear to understand.
You don't argue, you blame you, or you tell the person you know how you feel it, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think that somebody is suicide, you don't have afraid to cope with them and ask the question.
So one way to ask you the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life -- you've had these thoughts?
Confronted the person in front can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for despair, despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve -- important, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- recent social installation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came this talk just a couple of days, and I got a email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email only a couple of days, and he's with her permission and blessing that I read you.
"Hello, Kevin, I imagine you're at TED conference.
It should be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still quite insult, but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Metron to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with her father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the police of Peter and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came home and reported that the Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 15 out of the afternoon the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GDP, the Golden Gate Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cement.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk on the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible sub-Saharan subject on the bridge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I watched this man, Kevin Bertia, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he was criminalized by the battle, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next hour and a half later, I heard as Kevin talked about her depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But he asked him, "What did you make you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
You let me talk and just listen to it."
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it.
"Dear Bridge, nothing will erase the events of the 11th of Martin, and you are one of the reasons that Kevin is still with us.
I think Kevin was climbing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness that has been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all those habitates of heroin, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
In debt with you, Narrator Bertia."
And at the end she wrote, "PowerPoint." When I visited San Francisco General Hospital that night, you would fight like the patient.
"I said, "I have to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that his story will inspire others.
So suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suspended with poison.
That act, even though I finished your own pain, I was a chance to meet it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about attracting another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is only three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and slides of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason Jason.
The other was a man who spoke about an hour.
For that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final learning, I looked at me, and he said, Kenya, sorry, but I have to go."
And it jumped out.
Horrific, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge, and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second person who left the bar realized that they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mario with San Francisco but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can prevent you.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question looks like, how did you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had had the dream that he had ever ever had.
My outside finally talked about my inner truth, with my inner truth.
For complicated reasons, the ones that will refer to me later when I look at this picture -- I think, Gene, you get it, you get it.
But the October, I discovered that, well, I'm starting here.
Everyone concesers our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberating, to get rid of the remote constraints by the color of skin or by the beliefs of around us.
These are people who always challenge the status that, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I even ignore my story.
I think this enemy is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genes.
I remember my five years old in the Philippines, in my house, I always had this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that shirt on your head?
I said, "Mama, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to accept it.
The gender has always considered an immoral fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, really.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I would think it's going to be a bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every single day I get a woman.
I have mom, my father and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the gender of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu dance, dinner of the shorts.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something showed me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still wore man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transportation of transportation beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you participated in the beauty contextuality?
He told me that if he was involved in the pass of the inspiration and the search stands, and that night, he won in bathing dress, won in the gallon and was a third financial financial between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty bars.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of transistor women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the showers, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that could go live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a birthday bar."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you move to America you can change the name and the identity of gender.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I put two and my name.
She also joined me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Gene and Feynman foot.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or power to get a short, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears were minimized.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in Alzheimer's Newtonians.
A young woman in New York who basically lived his truth, but that he was an end of his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of November, November, we do a global vigetime for the Commercial Day of Transmission.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood in front of the insurgency.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the army.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, by expressing, so that some day no longer is a more virgin of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. Kate Schwarzzlin: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
To my support network, my parents, my family, that itself is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been to young women who have been originally, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, he called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman."
Sometimes it worked -- others don't. It's just a gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the subject that some times that nasty sand satisfaction, and that there should be a space that allows people to automatical, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transistor movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Grand: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending their rights in 2007, and when their efforts were holding in 2011, the National Prize January Prize became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a view to human history, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you born a child, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not funny, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, they common, and, with the hope of a son, when he looks at his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the daughter is born, when it grows up, it suffers as well.
At the age of five years old, when she should go home and school to their siblings.
Up to 12 years, in some sense, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when you go into adolescence, when you go to 13 years, you stand out of his house without a male accompanish.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honor of honey, he could even kill her.
And it's interesting that this consequence code of honor doesn't only affect the life of a girl, it also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother shows the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in name of the honor of honor.
And there's one more norm of patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl has to be very transmitted, very humble and very sustainable.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl should be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want to.
If you marry a man who doesn't like it or if you marry her with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be the death of destruction.
If you get too young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, you call it despair.
And what happens in the end.
In words of a poetry, "The house, the control, and then give birth to more children and daughters.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother included the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Wonderful brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the new birth, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt very horrific.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Manhattan, and he called my daughter so for her.
But when I looked at it, everybody was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Mala.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admit her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl in a school in a school?"
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
They will be able to be inside a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An administration to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations, where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was completely completely completely completely completely in the relative to family, I couldn't remember the apples of some of my sisters.
And the reason it was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That's the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my brothers or his daughters, thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and safety of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to lock them into their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've cared about all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
Take my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I teach students to forget the lesson of the so-called sub-story call.
Bright brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we find a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the talent.
That means a complete denial of women in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to school.
Women were forced to use veil and they stopped going to markets.
Musicians were silent, the grandmaster girls and the killed singers ...
They had millions, but a few of them talked about, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and stand when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malawi stood up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times, and he spoke on every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine.
It was a data day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered to my wife to my wife -- "Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter.
And he said to me, "Please don't blame you.
They defend the right cause.
You put your life into play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protect it."
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, and he had severe pain and strong pain pain because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that extends me by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained out.
I used to tell you, "I'm okay with my smile to my face.
I'll get right. Please don't worry.
It was a control for us, and we contract.
Bright brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the most difficult times, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his homework.
You fight with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tourism that has made Malawi so valuable and expression and economics?
I said, you don't ask me what I did.
Ask you what I didn't do.
I don't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined me to the Monterey group -- the Giant X visualization -- but all the work I'm going to talk about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get to an operation of brain.
You still have intelligent or not?
Not like that, will you be intelligent?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky death of the center that creates important hormone and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, of more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix missions, and try to get them to get life.
More than one time I've been saved by a bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experiment to try to get the optimal dose because there is really no clear map that says it in detail.
I began to test with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case for a few months and I tried top doses and typical chemicals for a man in the 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fortunate, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past, I've known several kinds like this, or maybe some attentive versions.
It turned out as an extreme one.
But my great surprise was that he wasn't trying to be argument.
In fact, I was trying to, so much insecure, fixing a problem that I had on the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So, I couldn't manage it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so on, it was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference -- how I get those mental images that I use to create shortgages, my ideas, if you want to -- testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophers like Human, Descartes and Hobbes see things in a similar way.
They thought images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are a lot of people today -- and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For most of us, the mental imagery is fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have lots of great mental magnets, really vivid and very sophisticated and well structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use its imagination only to steer the world that has the front of the world?
Or if a musician could extract your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way the creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two separate groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image of functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Giant Gandon and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right was created by looking at the content of the central column on the left. You see that the difference is almost clean.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost clean.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They were able to convert the brain waves into the recorded visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, they showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great deal of reactions from the brain to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan was decoded to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the departments of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us busy.
We're well close to doing so.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see a picture and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted by the major resolution brain scanning systems today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times over the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do that.
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes in.
I don't offer for that.
Many are providing new techniques of projection, even me -- counting with the recent result of the arm, first we must ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but to this point -- more large magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution, not increased by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different reasons, like doing a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at the MRI was to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances in respectary of incredible and brilliant solutions in coding, decoration, in the transmissions and records of radio radio in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use strange magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of FDA radio.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the frame of family radio frequencies -- we can dramatically increase the information that you can extract in one screen.
Moreover, we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using IREMA, we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood, but the hormones and the neuroscience that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We'll be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll tell you this night about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay army.
I think we all have army.
Their armed may be telling someone for the first time or telling someone who is pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you have ever come through in life.
Everything arranged is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can be very strong, the experience of having lived and having come out of that harmony is something universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side of Calfornia Carolina, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the library military, not to restore my angels, quote the letters of And Dan France as an alien.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the hole of my short screen, and I was holding my head back, I would usually ask a little child, "Hey, are you a girl or girl?
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would push my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a straight stone.
The father would be into the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would be surrounding it.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, he was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was ready to go into the female issues on the table --  -- I had Betty Freedom quote.
The Gills Steven quote.
Even a fragmental frame of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I was breathing a honor and I went down the look and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist door, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or girl?
So I went back to a honor again, I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a child, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pass.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a computer pass."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pair is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a pandemic, please?
And that's it. Just "Ah, OK. You're a girl.
What about the park I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of everybody ever ever had.
Why? Because the girl of the park, and I, both of us were honest with the other.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some of us in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a prison.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is walls.
You only know how you feel living in an army.
That's how my army is not different than you or your army or you.
And surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to go out of my closet, it was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relative.
The difficult thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explain to someone who's been told in a broken bank is more difficult than telling me that it's been digit?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than telling your five year-old child that you're going to discover you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop changing what is difficult to be about what is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our armed arms, and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in armed arms, and you may feel security, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what your walls, an army is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and high tank shoes.
It was not the military leader prepared to fight any four year-old boy who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, adjusted on a corner of my dark army by using my gay grandmother, and moving only one muscle is the most scary thing that has ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to the purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister wedding.
It was the first time that many between the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and talks, I walked around the tables and finally got to one where my parents' friends were, people who knew me were years.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women she said, "I love Nathan Lang."
And the gay relationship battle had begun.
"Is it once in the Caster?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco Francis."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Sah, you know my static Antarctica?
It's very good, and he's never talked about having a nice nose."
"She's "Oh, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Williams."
And you know who we love it? Jack Jack.
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, discovered, but in spite of showing healthy his support to make me know that she was on my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink camels."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like all the grand launchers.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt like magnitude.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were standing out.
And what else can you ask somebody, but to fail?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue to be my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come in.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago Chicken.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means coming out of any harmony is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the advanced up. Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe had no adulthood but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct. Just give it. Raising your paralles.
If you know they're gay, you know.
If you say your parents who might be gay, they will maintain the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let me leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
They're never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe sales, you get rid of what you've done, but you never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story matters is what you want to write.
So next time you find yourself in a dark dramatic pulling a grandmother, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob. Enjoy the wind.
intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote from Eighty Diedoms that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as if a submarine can not."
When Einjarchy Diedo wrote this made it as a critical to the populations of the computer like Alan Turing Allistan.
And so some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's look at a step.
First of all, start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and the Internet intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can observe Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a real translation, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about it, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth's intelligence of Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, at a certain point in time, the asteroids that deliver the surface of a very miserable planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we will understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I had done several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that would be sang, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advanced for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a few years now, there is an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different themes?
Is there a single equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of one and a month for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're looking at here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future future, yes, to an impending future time, that one.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to stay attached.
Intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictive is that?
It predicts the level of human intelligence?
Do you predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that universes who produce more descending, or entropy, during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that content cosmological connection between entropy and instant intelligence a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually come directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
So amazingly, entropy could spend multiple evidence of animal intelligence, playing human games, and even making money by buying action, all of it without having to do that.
Here are some examples of Enrich in action.
Just like a foot human without falling down here, we see Enronselve balancing a party using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Enrich a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the post.
This balance of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability to use tools in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropia is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see Enrich orchestration new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and successfully keep the network well connected.
This same network of network architecture also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Enrich organizing the routes of a ship flow, discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to extend the world level from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Enrich spontaneously discovering and executing a strategy strategy, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation of action, successfully increasing assets under their management exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Bigstating: What you've seen is that a variety of intelligent cognitive human behaviors like tool use, worthy of trends and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, that leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the term robot, the ROD. There was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber release.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of the cyber relationship to reverse.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then mega-neutrinos and trying to take advantage of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
You often ask me, how do you look for goals to get rid of this kind of frame?
My equivalent of that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the context of the stars and losing the planet that we call "Holy.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars, which points that the Earth is just one between billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when planets go out in front of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
Now, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this texture of potentially habitable worlds -- our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the hottest record.
And glaciers and sea ice who've been with us from thousands are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on global scale have rapidly supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the planet habitat influenced by stars, with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say I look for alien opportunities in the incompressive sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet recognized and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little further away from the Sun, it can consider a potentially habitable world by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "Criminal rearrange its surface to search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Mutheigates mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost their horizons.
The private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Martian images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pinchor -- compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still stand for collaborating, really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen excited by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other arms planets with a big and sad show -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait for us to save ourselves from this influential authority of the only planet that we know is truly habitat, the Earth.
For a lot of interface exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party of truth will be later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for the international exploration and the ground preservation is not contracted.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world, they look like extraterrestrial paradigm.
You just find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and inspirations of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked a question: And realizing that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider to keep living with the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and planetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and window, and everyone was well closed.
I thought about calling a card, at least I had my cell phone, but on the midnight, a card could take a long time to get a lot of time to get and cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I would have to do my passport and my ball.
It would be expensive, but sure that I didn't even more expensive than a card at the middle of the night -- so I thought, despite the circumstances, it came out right.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain is working.
It's a corticular liberty that increases heart rhythm, which is the levels of adrenaline and nutritional thing.
And when I got to the manufacturing show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in its place, that they have bad things happen.
Or at least if you have bad things, that minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but even a month after my thoughts didn't create.
I was dinner with my colleague, Danny Kanzheid, who won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I talked to him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called the prisoner representative.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years before, known as the print.
You all know what the posture is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the press, as Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, to the moment, try to figure out what can be done to prevent things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a print.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, that locate the fruit trees, where the friends and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is addressed in the London tanks.
It's the part of the brain that allows the shipping to find their news.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the operating sense of the tragedies and still they could find their news.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, reading glasses and passwords.
So at home they defend a place for the keys, a hook along the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you drive a place and you're subsidized with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about trips?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit card, license, passion, send it for email to itself to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can make the sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases corruption.
Cortical is toxic and entertained the thinking.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at best, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there is perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is served as a protector for all of medical decisions, and in fact for the making of financial decisions and social decisions, any decision that you have to take from the fact that you would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
Everyone knows that high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack, brain show.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the colony, a state."
And maybe you've heard about the states, and you know it's one of the most recording drugs in the world today, even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, let's take the state."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for most physicians to not talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of stuff that I disappeared is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not get me something to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilt of the doctor, and if it's guilt of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood underlying mechanisms very well.
But the Germany estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recognized state, which thinks it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jerusal Grandman, and Pamela Harvard, confirmed by Belligu.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single attack of heart, short brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol colonies.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you should ask for a statistic more, and it is, "Hey of school effects." Right?
For this particular drugs, side effects occur in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: deliberately paradigm and articulate pain, super-making pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, even though I'm going to take the medication.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, you don't think of clear.
So think of how you would go through this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out by the drug that you will help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the state.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethics requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be treated is pretty typical.
For the surgery that you're doing in the men older than 50, the number of cancer prostate -- the number needs to be about 49.
That's how it is, 49 surgeries for a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impossible impact or distant disease, the really cruding income, receiver lamb, fecal incentive.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just will spend a year or two.
So the idea of printing is to think before the questions you can make that drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a more short life free of pain or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end.
These are the things that they talk about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortical under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It faces face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the library or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast question. They could be the lunch of lions -- so nothing about that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those stress moments is rational logic, like Danny Kanzheidness and their colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defended.
We're all going to fail to fail.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
By repeating the night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination along the door, with a key door in the same one, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of emails that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "Powell is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing enough.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "life" in the particle, you need to play more secure.
Two points, even more soft.
Four point, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a point of pop, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of color might be, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Asamet, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came over the 1800s, and with the time step, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know like ALS.
So it's a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true at all.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds -- it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, curiosities, behaviors and norms without telling them.
So how do I understand sound about?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my votes and amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't bring the door off."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the prisoner paper ball."
"Don't erupt, and when you're eating you, sure not to shoot the covers on the plane."
This is all called the sound "story."
Perhaps I think about the stuff of sound more than the average person does.
I'm a super fan of sound.
And I'm always waiting for nervous the sound of the sound of coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
TKBC, to continue.
TBP, for announcing.
You can see that the score has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle bonds and shoes.
In the deaf, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "searchable in the ACL.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, to make the self with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I have only four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was trending, and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art.
Are I going to distance more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only about the ears.
I can feel it a total way, or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property property and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me as a sound, I decided to leave it and break it.
I started creating a new job of work.
And when I introduced it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an air, it was some of a person hear.
And the sound is so powerful that I could just give me to me and my artistic job, or I could empower.
I chose to be empowered.
There's a mass culture around the language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and becoming my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could be disappearing in the forget and not having any kind of social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very space and highly modernized models that means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much of the signals and the sounds of sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor metaphor, so that you understand better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS is divided in many different graduating parameters.
If you take a different parameters for each finger as the piano is played, like facial expression -- the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, while the piano is played, the English is a linear language, as if you put it only one keyboard.
However, the ALS is more like an air, you need 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept, or an idea in ALS.
If only a keyboard would change the air, create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and the time and volume.
In Asamer, by using these different graduating parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign of it."
This is the signal "signal in it."
I'm looking at you.
And I looked at it.
Oh, I was sleeping.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, there."
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Asamer through the lens of music?"
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the signal of the day, the sun comes out and put it up.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel the same thing can say of all night.
"All night.
This is the whole night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "Nice, "During the night  "All night the night.
I feel the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Asamer, and how distance the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero, it's one hand, two heads, is two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is "some time "ago."
Then, happening. I used a study and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic idea and dramatic idea at the same time.
"Market "Mighteer is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "microscopical time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MRI: right, right, left hand.
We have the plant through the head and the chest.
(Drack, MRI, garden flowers -- "Man flag -- "My flag -- "Stone," I'm going to show you a shape of your hand called "Carry Florida."
Can you do it with me?
Everyone in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the chest -- something like a common time."
Yes, very good.
That means "Love in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the languages of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "collection: Atlantic in the ACL.
Now, the third one. Please tell me again.
And again.
It's multi-controller in the ALS.
Let's do the three together.
"Look, "collection: "Don't and "letters."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar, they all happen in your head and the chest -- but they transmit very different means.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and prioritized, like music.
However, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And just because the ALS doesn't have sound, it automatically has no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the ALS to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ALS, you don't have to hear to learn music.
AIDS is a rich text and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears open, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennes Katrina: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say, "You can do everything, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble bubble or a button bubble -- I must say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also instant and that they're not very good at cleaning up the others.
Time country, now I'm an adult and I teach a citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of trash.
So as a good citizen, we clean the beaches. And no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spiritual thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big vessels and networks, and collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with age six to 15 years, we dreamed of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a store.
We started building this work of work with autonomous altitude so that very bad kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
And we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
And then we quickly create what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in accessible and we assemble it on a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the board computer processing this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "Irrual Institutes, hoping that someone gets better even more.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using hands, in Sudhish, the world's largest mangroom in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that heat, it's the water in which they be banned, the water where you fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and the oil are also brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can shake through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We emailed this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at the distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a more difficult problem, and also closest to me.
I'm half Japanese and a half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they destroyed several giant waves called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fundama, a nuclear headquarters close to water.
And today, according to the average actions of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has parking traces by 1975.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fulnium radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map of the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe aspect, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Furball every year from the accident and investigated with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But each night we reported to the control center here, you see the use of different mask.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously. But they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation of their life.
And along with them we discuss the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies and so forth.
And to do this, we created a reducing map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elephant map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radiation, and we sprinkle water to simulate the rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system, and it demonstrated in the ocean.
It was an appropriate station.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear headquarters to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles away from the nuclear central, and with the help of fishermen from the area we were collecting the markets of the sea right with a sensor of sediment as we invented and built.
Here is a progression here, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple code.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit of small so that we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong Center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, participation, basically you can build almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can actually become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students," it accelerates." Iceles."
"Sandord's Harvard, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced population, transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are the lies.
We cannot afford to protect the children of the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, sensors, we need to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people, and so that it can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin clips, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one from one single silk store.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is impose on the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, other for her.
Mightem angel said that when he looked at the market in brother, he saw a figure that I struggled for being free.
The center was only Might London tool.
But living beings are not filtered.
They grow up.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by risks of manufacturing and mass production.
Monologue lines have decided a world made out of parts -- containing the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects like self-controlled parts of different functions.
But you don't find hormone material substances in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin cells are thin with dilleted ports.
The skin skins are more thick with little ports.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no parts, no marketing.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality through the variation of street.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the blind and the gene, between the machine and the grandmother, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions of the world, getting out of the salad and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where four disciplines that offer designers to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields and my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales. Gravitational scale, like this robotic arm with an account of 24 feet diameter with a vehicle that some day not very far away with a very distant basis to print entire buildings -- and graphic graphics made of genetically engineered magnets that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvent the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each of the air is a unique size to shape the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the ability to create a layer and a false -- this was for a fashion detail of Paris with Iraq van Herone van -- it's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contacts, flexible around the center.
Together with 3D printing programmer, we print this layer and the 3D 3D change between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner as well.
That designers have access to this high-tech analogy and synthetic instruments, allowing to design products that are adapting not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues, too.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a structural level, comfortable and also sounds like sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this prototype pattern, it becomes surprising.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, that vary in right, optimism and color, correspond to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another malaria, but variable continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jew home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left to me, and it came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she says, "In the third day of the creation, God Mandela to Earth will grow a frustrating fruit of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between transit, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made it grow trees with branches and cortex, steels and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often wonder, "What would the design be if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Could we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant bioluminescent on the planet is called a contagious, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, banks, schools and massage.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multicultural structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marriage.  We asked a lot of shrimp husks -- we display them and we produced the math store.
Several chemical conversations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
To print up the large-scale structures -- a system with multiple bottles of contrast controlled robot.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air.
So why are we still designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical magnets that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we put the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the breast problem, and if it goes even more, to windows.
A fruit charged fruit of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp cans in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biosphere, put in the sea, feeding marine lives, and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The adorability for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the ability to create clothes to maintain life for the planetary travel.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own telecoms of elements, new forms of life created completely made in a biological way and augmented in biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid alien, only instead of bringing beautiful metals together, new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two magnets combined.
The first one is the circuit.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater standards.
And the second, E. clean, the bacteria that I had in the human intestine.
A convert light in sugar, the other consumer survey and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two magnets don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not for natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their road function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, variable the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photos, we developed more transparent channels.
This political digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, it goes up 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our tangled intestine.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first polio photos, bright liquid channels in the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shantan said, "We are modern modern, only half is made.
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase life matter?
And if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies out?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows, Arab with sophistication.
This card of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which they metabolize.
The non-state manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations of two.
An act like structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, by using those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first comes up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to highlight a cartoon car.
tension and comparison, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the head.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the car worm.
However, when I put the silk worm on a flat parallel, not within a box, we realized that it will have a flat can and still mixing self-estimated.
So we started to design different environments, different scaffolding and we've discovered that form, the composition -- the cost structure, the car structure, are transmitted directly by the environment.
You often hear silk worms to death within their cars, their silk is disappointed and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without boiling one car.
They were striking sad, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to architectural scale.
We had a horizontal robot doing silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to darker and cold areas that we use a solar street diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or abuses, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the oranges.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a little silk farm online.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to high with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they have them, they would create, they were struggled, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more cut.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The high-speed biological silk on the slow silk silk, they give all this pink intelligence.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms three miles long.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The policemans, after the expectation, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pandemers in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk hole through a robotic arm, the other full empty arm.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design era, a new era of creation, that brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we take care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked you "What you want to be older?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three, five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be older?
They've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be older?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest in it, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the kill and the art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar.
You may have heard about us.
And in general I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this sense of beer, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let me absorb and feel "Yes." I've found my month," and then again this point where I start to bring.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I was not sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all my other passions and result to be broken.
Another reason why I fell so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something bad about me not to define at all.
I was worried about being afraid of compromise, or being disappeared, or to self-organization or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned to you then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We are asked first of what do you want to be from greater?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
A naive question is considered to provide cute answers in children like, "Be astronaut or "signature or "I want to be parallel."
Imagine the Harvard distributed here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow out of various ways -- paint, ancestor, to high school students are asked to be asked in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, he didn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, just the opposite of it, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though you get well-intentioned adults maybe they are laughing and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be a violence of violence and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children   and he is artificial and psychologist.
And this Amy Niger, magazine editorn in a millennium, company, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose them.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vote, the idea that each of us has something that will spend during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected to this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel it alone.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And to feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplier.
A multi-controversial is someone with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a mouth so I say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and dance.
You can also use other terms of other terms that connect the same idea, as a study, renewable.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well visited in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shant refer to us as schools.
Use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or affirmation that you should sell.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are enormous strengths when it will be this way.
Here's three multiple superstars.
One: the ideas of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Shanghai Hankston and Rachel Binaman expressed their interests shared in cartoon, data visualize travel, travel, math and design, by funding Men.
Men is a company that creates geographically inspired judgments.
Shanghai and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its economic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiplier, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of intervention.
The second supernova superpower is fast learning.
When the multiplier is interested by something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to beginning, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines and we bring all that we've learned to each new area that we put together, so we rarely start from zero.
North Congo is a full-time trip and independent written time.
As a little pianist, they perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest meaning mathematician.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planners.
He had to learn the most finished sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launch for publishers for the editors for the editors for the editors for the editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you attracted to you, even if you get it down.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-to-and-a-half multiplier is adaptation. That is the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Albert Carola is sometimes director director of videos, other websites, sense of King pages, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Facebook Computer Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability to develop in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impossible that they're the individuals and organizations that can be able to pick up the needs of the market, which really will thrive.
So the ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adaptation, three skills where the multiplier are very healthy, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their targets.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems -- multiplied right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specializations.
They came out of the window knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are becoming a specialization and a multi-to-and-a-half multiplier.
The specialization can dive in deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd provides a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that reminded the way we are connected.
And, unfortunately, the multiple in large parts are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
And once I said that, if there's one thing you get out of this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you're specifically middle-class.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multiplier in the room, including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recognize with your own passions.
Keep your curiosity for those corruption farmers.
They explore the intersections.
And embracing our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplier, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named August led to a psychiatric in France.
August delivered and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaniama.
Alexander didn't know how to help August, but he would fly through it, until unfortunately he passed in 1966.
After his death, Alest did a sub-Saharan and found weird plates and hell in the Audience brain, a guy who'd never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If you had been alive today, we could not give her more help than the Alex gave him 114 years ago.
Alan was Dr. Alexander Alzheimer's age.
And August Detroat, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991, medicine has moved a lot.
Antidotes have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, attitudes for HIV, states for the cards and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that by the way, to include many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the chance of starting Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the chance that spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping a friend of mine or loved with Alzheimer's friend.
In the United States, the Alzheimer's careful costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs predicted a five times in the year 2050, as I aging the generation of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't predict, cure or even religion its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research, despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to more fundamental cause of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, everybody, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just have a picture of a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with the patient of a Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to despite a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird glass in the British brain a century ago.
For nearly a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they are made from protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds as a origami.
There are places on the paper that are penny.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
And this makes the police molecules stick with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and glass.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of which to block is complex, like disability a bomb.
Cutting a cable could do nothing.
Cutting the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have dropped the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemists and engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that block this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms in worms in worms in worms in the world.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stand between each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's humans.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result. But research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of wait, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince you that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try and see it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have found more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move forward in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit for selling cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones and night, are often too stopped to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who cannot create the change that they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the laboratory, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers get up to make 36 questions more and more personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of example questions.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?"
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
What about alone?
As it advances, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- I really like -- I'll tell you how you get away from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the chicken that two of the participants had married six months later, and invited all of the lab.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had a chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Loren Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's an autonomous, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, "Continue together?
And the reason I think this is because I've been asked by this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was virtually nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times, would have probably a thousand views of view.
And that was a good deal of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it happened, I had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday, I've been called the Tod Show and the Good Montree American.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage trust writing with sensitivity about our own loving experience, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always asked the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email of my email with the phrase, "Are you still following together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and weird corals like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman was shouting to the stage, "Hey, Manner where is your novelty?
And I immediately put red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should wait for people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the service of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for St. Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different success.
So, my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very restaurant with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both make a public emergence together.
They took television interviews and republic requests of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icon of the present process -- a range for the one that I didn't feel at the absolute happy.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or be, if I was able to produce perfect love, not just an adventure but real love, logically lovely.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt, especially the people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we go together or not, and also say it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for improving interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called sustained personal Apple, programming and record.
Sounds romantic. Right?
But the study does work.
The participants were more close to doing so. Several later studies also used the American rapid program of Arabia as a rapid way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tested last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me to be shot, I tested the study and didn't work.
He seemed disconnected by it.
And I said, you mean that you fell in love with the person who you did it?
Well, he made a break.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends.
Did you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The submarine.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's about love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was getting a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I went into science.
I did all that I could find about romantic love science, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obviously."
I thought that if I was drawing with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and just like I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see it more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can reasonably give me to me.
What I'm looking for from love is a garden, not just about being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to make some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very advanced story, because in love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And his content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do we stay in love when things are complimented: how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your parent?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means loving someone.
So, if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it is this one. A year ago, a meeting and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love we still continue together, and I'm very happy.
But fall in love is not the same thing as staying in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, Love didn't happen.
We would stay in love because we take the choice of it.
And I get a little bit shorter to read it now, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that choice.
I don't consider how many times we have to make that decision, and how many times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always pick me up or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, and I chose to love somebody so generous and nano-state and have expressed that choice at the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what maybe to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy happy in the title of my article, which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a lot of lightning liberty and in some ways, I got a forest of the forest.
The city in New York City a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and I would bury a dollar bill and a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the passionations.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go to the excuse and make it surface and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and I did some kind of climbed cells to the Agnes Martin, the residency covered and a bee was caught off.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resilience on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to be sized, as if you were going to look at the text with a lung.
So I did it? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, ranges, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow through the trains, draw as you do around a cave on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomic species taxed.
First of all, biological -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some weird insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started to mount exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Siman.
It was a beautiful, man.
At some point I am interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing -- she died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin, I was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the session.
So I did this for years, and my work campaigns with something very big, that I call "the "professional."
To the "performance," I was largely inspired by the Garden of Hellocall Boots that is a painting at the Museum of the Prisoner in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the terrorist." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It's a double face, so it's 10 feet of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the landers.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analogous mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are heading to the fan, ready to commit in mass sleeping in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a shot.
Bill Graham is in the sea, the Horse -- the oil platform. Wather, the show of Osama bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a model.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the cloud.
Their hands are like balances, and it seems like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the tribute."
It's a little barrier.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a train, like a bird pick, and you spit clouds of this train.
It also has a $60 meter tail of a snake that binds the tribute."
Anyway, their tail is going to get a little bit of a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Their tail ends up in a collective balloon of colleagues made from terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from terrorists.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called "stuff."
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are economists, dictionaries or magazine.
But each act as a kind of architecture in terms of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 to a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide themselves.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 3,000 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can train the entrance in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or silly, or whatever you have, a kind of adopting thing.
It's a quick report of these work because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party in half.
This has two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene within the topic of the torture.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pennsylvania Worms.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a music, a writer, a writer, a market, a startup arm that makes all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We mind the box and all the people in the inside of each other with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this delusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with duct and genetically we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
They take a spirit.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intentions and other organs.
To take a plate is the most effective and inconscious system for any southern drug in the body.
The disorder, though, is that by bringing it any drug down.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in blood, and increase the CEO of CEO cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take you to the blood, they die, and worse even for the time they take you to their destiny, which is where it is more important in the detail of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph glands, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innocent and it doesn't get easily into the blood of the patients that are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the interference of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that are a treatment of life admired by ordinary.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly into the version of the virus, without the distribution of medicine?
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for the career of wounds and diabetes surgery, they can be used for anything imagining, including the interpretation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or force extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing they ask, "How is that possible?
We sent a little laser laser laser laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
laser transmitted the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before you even notice, the hole is removed immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Plasses of Petrian, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is heading to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an income that distributes the drug -- it releases it directly at the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to maintain the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total health eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of HIV, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying sort of not state computers: armed organizations like terrorists, insulin-making or military.
Document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do fieldwork work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a disability between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between the states and actors.
For example, from the 213 accounts of peace signed between 1975 and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we should understand these groups, and we should even engage them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons that they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policy donors are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less deliberately without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Hexline Liberia, known by their violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hebrew has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hans, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also admired the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multimaterious.
They set up a complex machine of communication -- radio stations, TV channels websites and strategies in social networks.
And here have the magazine magazine, printed in English and published to recover.
armed groups also invest in a complex recovery of funds without sandwich, but by self-interest business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to raise better and build your brand.
Armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build the schools, they run hospitals, they put into professional form programs or microscopic formation.
Hellockan offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't grow," security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan disappeared by war or even the beginning of the Islam of ISSS, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means to fill a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these forces to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election election of 2006 out of the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the vision in the long term.
These groups are habitated.
They grow because they fill out the gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give government.
And the more complex and the sophisticated are these organizations, the less we can catalog them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hexline?
They make a part of a territory, they run all their functions, pick up the trash -- they run the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a reed group?
Or maybe something else, something new and different.
And what is ISEA?
The lines are drawn.
We live in a world of states, of national nations and hydrogen, and the more weak states are states, like in the Middle East today, more interface and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups to have to invest more in not military tools.
Filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and to control peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we'll understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new disability between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it won't give us peace or stability.
In order to make these goals we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum to fill that game of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very very very very very very very very very incredibly unfair for the females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I get autonomous as a bad feminist of it.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Female, and then in the interviews, people started to call me the Maliat Female.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate production, has become bigger in something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at 20 years, I had strange ideas about the females, these furry women -- angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the tone that people could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was an access, a word taboo and disabled.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too high with high authoritarian and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman, and he can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same store for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without legislative control or evangelical doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to take care of our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition and skills.
We have to realize these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of income, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist make.
I have another confession here.
When I lead to work, I hear rap music pay all volume.
Although the letter hurts women and delivers me deeply, the classic "Saul Shahanu of the Einstein Tane Themerically is unbelievable.
Make it happen.
Perum, then do, move until you play the rate."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely shaped by my musical stuff.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all domestic tasks, but also kill insects, the carrier record, the care of the grass and the maintenance of manufacturing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazine and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bacheland and the romantic comedy and I have absurd fantasies of the stories of hall that are done.
Some of my delights are more disappointed.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose to.
Let's solve this problem.
It removes the conventional feminist that has ignored or historically destroyed the needs of women of color, workers and hungs and translators, in favor of white women, heterosexual women, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist.
It's also the following: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist off in a pedestrian.
We hope that they are going to deal with perfection.
When they decline us, we will retreat them very much from the same personal period where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider that personal period before you try to get it there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminism.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminist," for fear of what that sticker means by fear of not being able to be able to meet the little realistic expectations.
Take Beer for example, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declined feminist in the last few years.
In the African Museum of 2014, in MIT, I act in front of the word "Ferrening: three meters high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this standard star obstacle the feminist and make women know the women and young men that will be a feminist to be proud.
So the time passed, cultural critics began to start interesting debates if Beethoven was or not exactly female.
They raised their feminist instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand the personality of the feminist because we're still struggling with a lot, we want a lot, we need so much consumed a lot.
We go much beyond the sensitive and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of paradise.
But what happens next?
We go out of recognizing our implements to realize and move to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I listen to degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we extract change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does his music be so passionate?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my sands, three and four years old.
These are two magnificent girls, decisions and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you get ready for the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden the best choice is broadcasting as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sports as the Trans Game.
We can change radio emission when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie anywhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as bees of bone.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participating in your project, or working with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people.
Those of us who are interrupted but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included, until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision.
Because we're not menus person -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of value and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direction and production of movie and music, CEO, legislations, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also adapt our feminist with the value, well, bad, or any notation.
The last line of my book "Mala Feminism," he says, "I'd rather be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, most of all, because my voice was stolen to me and the feminist helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it inconsistent to deal with what happened.
A few guys were given when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with that I went back to write.
I get into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is anything that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to be so valuable.
Right after Christmas last year, 13 children in California, they had measles for having visited Denisan or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus after Canada, infecting over 100 children in Mello.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an infant immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed to even worse, the autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that gave the police on autism and distributed vaccines and distributed and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journan?
Doesn't most intelligent scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is a student?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the increase of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I heard about her create their whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot.
Organizations of fundraising as Australia Spermons refer to autism as an epidemic as if it could be continued from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the University of the Control Center of Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like the unprecedented diagnostic crisis, and a better detection of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't spend a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks on his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and career of science than with the serious power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how autism was discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with an infant psychiatrist -- Leo Kanzhei, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1943, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to inhabit the private worlds and non-lethal people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours to shake their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey from the panic of the penguin as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, to declare that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while I picked up the references of places as far away as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kanzi criteria for autism diagnosis were very restricting.
For example, I disappeared to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he was taken that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their contradiction for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories weren't accurate.
It classified autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and disabled parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that clustering in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symptoms before they were two years old.
When his mother put one of his favorite disabilities, he correctly said, "Beethoven Beethoven."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, showing things like children were just reducing what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Lord Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the man from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how difficult it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague, Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a research study in the general population.
They were fishing a suburb from London called Cameron to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, whereas others were focused on their fascination by astronaut, in dinosaurs or in the genetics of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and assigned blocks, as Judaynesia, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanzi mobile model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the article of Kanzi, and then forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but I avoided showing him in her own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lordning spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Aspen, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's to teach children with learning differences were programming even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music climates with music, and children follow their games on Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as a police disability of life that required compassionate comparative forms of support and spaces for the course of the whole life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers and dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that would bring a staggering variety of donors and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always been -- looking at aspects of this continuum in architecture known in pop culture as the terrifying social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He went beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a fish of autism is essential.
Lord and Judy discovered that Kanzi was wrong when autism was infertile, so the parents were the careers.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psstyles to extend the diagnostic criteria that would reflect diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in a view, subsiding the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and inclusive Apple.
These changes didn't fall in broken short.
Certainly, when Lord and Judie worked between bases to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "I was "All Man in 1988, just a little circle, I knew the experts knew what autism, but after the unexpected performance of Dutopen Howard like Ragin Babbage and the recognition of "Dan Hawken as Ramili Babbage and the recognition of "Raising Hanson with four awards of the Academy -- persistences, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world know what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical evidence of using autism to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Rain Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to reach up, like Lord and Judiel, in fact hoped that it was, making people with autism and their families finally had the support and services that are destroyed.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for increase in the diagnosis. A simple one, powerful, and criminal history that is as bad as the Kanzhei theory that autism was infertile.
If the current estimate of the prevention center is that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum of the spectrum, it's right, authorities are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been united on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances -- by adding the term neuroscientist to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's rotated.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Certainly autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which thinks that the "care for the most income aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers, employers with ability, support communities, and fathers with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zody Zackson once said, "We need all the hands on cover to manage the boat of humanity."
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We cannot afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
