You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress me as a farmer or leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic usually is something that came in some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolivia.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the middle '60s, at Steve, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
When they were beaten up to save every week on the boys' bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go out of the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call of that teacher, Mr. Poster who said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we are never going to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man I know you already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, and we were removing and we realized that she needed to be hyper-halled.
We found it a place, we interviewed it, and we care about it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, became a crisis box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, he had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first bombs.
I was amazing.
My heart beating fast, I was sent, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg to me around me out of the water almost 60 meters and I couldn't think that it was a snow of snow about another little snow year after year.
The bombs are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break out the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to go back and go back to the end, while others can't support it more and fall in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, by looking at a stage, which are signated apart, and alone, in large extent as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all opposite.
As a story melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As you melt a small stand water fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these trips as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way and not exist that way again.
It's not death when they're determined, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the experiments that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a iceberg that photographed in Kepler, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get to really get a rolled string.
You have it.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll up, the ship has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Greenland iceberg in the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so now, the expansion shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of the one baby.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop to think about the conception themselves, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and sperm is attached to the X crash of the egg.
And in the other case, the X-ray chromosome is attached to the X crash of the egg.
Both of them come up and started life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my ground activity I will turn two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy.
I am a historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people put the anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals -- how have they considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is the activist of activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes -- impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with emails, people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of airplane sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the male members and conventional female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it interesting.
The interaction adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male or male commons.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray X-ray whose Green genes of the chromosome and tells the protections, that we all have in the fetal life, which becomes textile.
And then, in fetal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lack of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the industry of infrastructure to the colonies.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a result, the body develops following a typically female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
So after you do it tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called sub-Saharan glass.
They're on the back of the body.
Survivors produce broadcasts, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I think of a typical woman -- I don't know their chromosome structure, I think to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the business.
We produce brothers and we respond to the broken.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the environments that the woman who was born with testicles that have the industry of numb to the colonies.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interests are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a sand, and I had a girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he carried a life as a guy and I just discovered that he had ovarian and the term.
I had an extreme form of a disease known as a controlled surface hypertension.
I had the 19th and the surface glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their geniuses were manufactured, their brain was exposed to the typically male motor component.
I was born with a child, no one suspicious anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal message, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman on the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interaction.
Some people in the 20th develop what is known as obsessions, which is to say, they have a piece of Victorian tissue wrapped into technology tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- whether it's intelligent, silent twins, or interesting -- are being subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason they go to several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Very simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cartilage.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic notion of individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within one body.
The fastest case of recent is last year with the South African House Court Court showed on the short of the Benefish International Gods.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What do you test to do to determine if Casey Seminary is a man or women woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't make a silly line between men and women or between men and interest and interests, and we are all of us who throw that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science gets, the more we have to admit that these categories -- they were stable anatomic categories that are correctly correlated with stable identical categories are much more disturbant than we thought.
And it's not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens far more complicated than the terminology allows us.
As we see, we get into a secret terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to get away from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are probably probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the fuels of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the few people.
There are very heated discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know about medicine -- this is when someone considers dead.
Our ancestors had never had to get away with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if they moved yet.
If I stopped moving.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To consider that these categories are much more unstable.
Tennesses from the concept of the democracy concept.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fertilizer of the Foundation parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find each of them looking at that music course 1777, and not for music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Fortune parents.
The Foundation Foundations were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what they rejected our Ford Foundations was the idea of monarchy, the monarchy was based on a very simple concept of anatomy.
The movements of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they were clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blood blood.
They were from the idea that it was coming to political power from the grandfather of the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game camp and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And they were partly doing it because they were part of an industrial system that they were spending two things.
It was spending democracy and at the same time the science was born.
And it was very clear, if we look at the history of the Foundation, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distinctive from the supernatural explanation, and therefore they reject the concept of supernatural power transmitted by an idea of birth of birth.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Index, talk about the nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transforming the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting in the basis of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were transforming.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Sweden Toronto, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who would appeal to the anatomical awareness about the anatomical difference, and again, they brought up.
We see the same thing with the Discovery Movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking us why we keep certain dinosaurs.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical dinosaurs in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to go back to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five year-old children should allow them to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomical division that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that are known at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them connected in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before the time -- the 1980s of June 1980s.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of a March 1, 1980.
By the fact that I have been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other varieties in relation to their rights.
Henry in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's X-ray, in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory environmental that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, don't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still get analogical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science is moving so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could define definition?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science gets stuck.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
So for example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosomes and to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes and a woman.
Now, in practice they do not make any dramatic exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the insurgency syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King on his speech, "I have a face of a solution.
He says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their carbon going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do that?
How do you judge people based on the content of their carbon?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know from some of the people that are probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some books that I know can take more informed decisions and intelligent and mature decisions on their sexual relationships than people in 40 that I know.
So how do you get the issue of the career content.
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance as well.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still going to keep this thinking stream of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do good work in the future.
We don't live in a context like the Iranian winner in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had made a similar twins to then separate them and so forth.
But when the phone asked him the reason for operation, it was a very risky operation -- it said that in that other country, these kids would be very male and therefore had to do it.
So what I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum.
The United States provides huge possibilities to people who are not to force them to change the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we'd given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- which is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic techniques, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me is the differences between men and women in the way we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered a feminist -- I was considered a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has female female has of female."
And I thought, "It's the smartest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with disappearing gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more closely to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way we protect people in the state of the state, it's possible that, of having taken more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the analogy, think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of the people who wanted to live on apartments are already properties, and that the other half still would be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by making extension in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid malaria and distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those excitement.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building and when the rules of that place facilitate construction rather than putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under statistics.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Jane and October were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honors.
They knew that every year about 75,000 holes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask you what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honors went through a despair constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lob is implemented with a platform where it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Opera to be his boss of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error, and a lot of testing with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies and the rules that are usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Jane.
They called me.
They said, "Let's imagine this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we came together in Mimi, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the land value in a place like New York -- look at it, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where you start with plastic fertilizers, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied to the rules and an option so that people can choose whether or not they want to live under those norms.
So the president of Hongermins called me and told me we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
I was asked to go to Gulfrycale and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denney and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denney.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honor that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everybody is completely applaud to the world.
The public faces were very serious and attached.
The contract leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TED.
And this explains how essential a city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go in that could be in Honors, instead of hundreds of miles away.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the London government need help of countries associated with, they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them establish and make the standards of the status -- so that everybody could trust the status that the status is effectively completed.
And we went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to look at their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional nest was 124 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, responded to it.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
On February 17th, it took over again in another vote, from 144 to one.
Immediately after the voting -- 21 to 24, February 24, a delication of 30 holes was to both places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get permission for four years.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practically, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allowing his Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are criminals and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that they've already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that want to be installed in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately to another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go get a job, sometimes they are solar mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Honors?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new resistance?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to do a public conference, and that is that, I live obsessed with the shooting.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suits, colored and different for each time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and second-hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my sleep in the environment and in my ball.
I come to know very interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique. And buying it becomes my personal transportation search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my talent?
Am I going to like the color.
Is it going to cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the subject of my back, I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought on.
I've brought seven pairs of internal clothes, and nothing else.
Rock inside for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I imagined it would be able to find everything else I want to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that I or believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see the phenomenon for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Long color, color is energy.
It's almost psychologically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, integration.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded you from the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Miracks. Nice of the child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the defenses, or I remember them in their little seven years.
And I like to tell you and say, "Thank you."
Junes: The trust is the key.
If you think you look good at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30, I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there is no look at you you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Viewers: A universal truth six words for you: the golden readers go with everything.
And finally, Saturday. Developing a personal and unique style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little back.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things behind things.
I don't need to get emotionally approved to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant being break, if there's a little love in my heart and I look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the altitude of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these things will be allowed by one of these extremes but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like that, with a big altitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I think of one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists -- we need a lot of logic to consider these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and it didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point I found a few years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supercomputer.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little piece of metal.
So what we see is a little bit of metal piece, with a spinal form of transplant, and it flies on a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this building a form of swimming device that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap -- but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens to the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to pick up all the other passengers of it.
And that's what we did.
We cut the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a less than a degree of less than a degree on the absolute zero.
Now, by being alone in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way that he was vibrating was like a breath in this way -- as a focus that expands and contrasts.
And by giving it a smooth push, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a thing vibrating and not vibrating at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the tricks of atoms that form that piece of metal are started and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are soldiers.
In the rest of the time they're determined.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all of those years, because look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you also do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was determined in space?
There's another part of history.
And this is when we heat it, and we turned out the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all of the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound feature of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, I did another work at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it up.
He took me 18 months and he took me.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demand.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is explained just in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I began to learn a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just just go to Google.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the Uganda gallery -- MoMA, the Emergence, the Ritabi, the Goar Goar.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Metalson, the New York Art museum of art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and came up, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bomb or McDonald, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and they get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened up the plane up there, and with one click, we jump in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Go forward. They are divided.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Charles of Charles Bright in the Metason.
I see the sign ...
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metabolism information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the big technology.
So this picture, for example, contains it, I think, about 10,000 million precisions.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pigs?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million precisions.
It can make it very simple.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep.
So I began to play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I walked into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I spent a little bit, I talked to some people from Metason, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "not intensively, which is to hit an eye with a stick of the Cartesian Tuesday.
And it seemed to be very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and you'll see that you can really get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the image, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night star."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pins?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this teacher work?
It increases it and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night star -- I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "choices."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manifest, that day.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "The power of "God," -- we just did a sheet around.
This is about Americans at the National Gallery of London.
You can anticipate things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when you contemplating these masterpieces of things.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your art work, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a picture, a flying pixel picture.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from Italian, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it's happened something very interesting in the careers of Formula 1 in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a frame of Friend 1, it took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an accident.
The interesting thing is that the real control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers in free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted and accepted.
The city of cities is a big thing.
As a story I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paleon Antained for late years at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "That Tom Uncle "The Toyotax?
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
It's kind of like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and accountability.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
And in a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Miguel ...
You know, when Mike angel sculpted the Moon, he says that at the end he took the hammer and threw it to the Moses -- you still can see a little mile -- and he said, "Penetrate "Penetrate not paradox?  What don't you talk about?
Well, today, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insisting in the idea of taking the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer surface of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember, played Italy and France, and at the end of Zipcar gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching the activity happening on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colleague in the middle and the Teszler River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is on the top.
At the end of the afternoon, there are people around here and there making calls moving.
It starts the party.
Grand from France.
Potentially, people make a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regulatory time.
First extra time, second.
Zimbabwe, and in a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah.
That night everyone was going to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center to the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Circulation Massine, where, from the round time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things we use and consume things.
Today we know everything about the presence of our objects.
This is a map that shows all of the chips that form a Mac -- how they get used.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the garbage in their way through the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were reading -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of all ways would take.
Then we put a little chip on, a tag on the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
after a week.
And with this information, we realized that there are lots of inefficient things in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data before they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every single day that the cup that causes it doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we removed one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Isaac Bioney, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zargaba.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and south Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT in a workshop was, imagine you have a candy and valves -- slightly slightly vents that are open and shut up.
It creates like a water curtain with water.
If you take the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell Champago.
He liked it very much.
And I set up a commission to design the building to the entrance of the eye.
We call it the Digital Water Paper.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it to be open so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the savings, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Define the building."
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture goes away.
Here it is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am myself trying not to move in testing the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zarley came to the building, because the way of interacting had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water, and you had to jump out for not going to go.
(Ruse people? And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality always is unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter helicopter in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with other synthesis.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels that change.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixel cloud that you can zoom in, and go in, and see from a lot of different angles, you know?
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the New York City star and the Mile School of Miller -- to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Fluck.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital digital in real time.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like the grain short, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody tell a little bit for a picture.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time, and Obama campaign showed us -- we can go from the digital world, of the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do we go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixel in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are precise.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered of pixel covers.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Goldens, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can rise, like a new summit of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital sign at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better form, be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's the people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to do?
What you would like if you could choose something?
(Music (American? creativity. creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
So a few of you probably had the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would you choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of you, that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED Conference here, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great genius of the 20th century, Tullike Dohside, who also combined in the Church Orion Russia, wrote an essay called "No in biology makes sense except to the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at one end, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We derived from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interface there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of home.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we are very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually most basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically insurgently, that it comes out of the pancreas that comes out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antarctica Damina is posed by the autonomous -- think about bacteria -- do you think about bacteria ...
The gut is a wonderful hospital for those bacteria.
It's clinic, dark, long, it's very accumulated.
And we're going to provide them all the nutrients that they can want no effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nutrition nutrition, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony including the universe, life on Earth is like a brief component, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entire part of this talk, so I hope that they enjoyed it.
When I first entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the universal organisms, each cell is divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two stem cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear. Things start to change.
I enter sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes preventable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student I thought when I was a college student thinking, well, sexually, sexually, death per sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every year I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burts feelings who still acted in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a magnificent dance balloon back.
He looks at it and he says, "Come for a sex spotter."
"Okay, he says, George, I choose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different target at the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contrast, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation and adapt and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like designers that are designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level, and then let the sea fall down.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best adapt to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the early bacteria can survive the heat of the fuels that would produce, if there were fish there, fish hits the vacuum yet, yet they have managed to make that an accumulated environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward at the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, in the first place, we've known a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And second, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated around, we climb, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the insulin necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that it becomes a traditional evolution of the traditional type, natural transportation by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gentlemen of evolution roll down, but they're inexpensive.
And in terms of injury, when as a species, the distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and international and frightening.
The neuronal call neurons, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and family level.
Think also that if you could be able to be able to choose not just the sex of your descendant, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the poster?
Would they not want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demands.
It cost 2.6 billion dollars.
The next year I had done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs from the human genome to a cost near the 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make the human genome actually make the human genome for 1,000 and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more of them.
They come those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only are going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the culture of collaborating in cells from a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good coming out of the space?
That's reality today and the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of your decent?
What if you could change the sperm and the bloods, or change the recently faster, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, eliminate the healthy, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt services -- the better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenninga especially if you could push it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why wouldn't it live more time?
This is going to be incredibly.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have turned the evolution back in the neurons.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in place of a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniforming or more resource and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions like?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you are 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making climb, click, clip.
He click, click, click, click, sounds.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 12-year.
It was the only one I could talk to with flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
The motor closes.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The most disruptive words I've heard.
He said, "Preach for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight care.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I was thinking about that further, I came up with a sentence, which is, collective wine back."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is when we published the George Washington bridge, which was not for a lot -- I thought about word, "Oh I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give rise to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
You feel wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please go away."
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went out, I had the feeling of it, word, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And I scream, crying, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't be like that, but imagine how you change?
What do they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that they are?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graphics in the '80s.
He came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a horrific in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDGlook has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to kick Tony to Twitter, TED and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second one is not that I saw Stephen Hawking -- isn't all the people with paralysis to communicate through those applause?
And he said, "No, unless you are someone important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anybody see the movie "The Spider and the Marion?
They communicate that way -- they're running with the finger.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a crash that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the treatment. Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it.
So I spoke in a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Grand Green Reementer Labert, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then, with a laser point, draw about that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All of the things that come out, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentations.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of the things on one side of each other had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDGlook could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it YouTube because when I talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic."
The other thing we did was we bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and shows and shows taken control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we go back would have taken the squares of the walls and it would be graphic.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the shipping country of Venice, my son was part of it, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Experimental Ericipa, and you can see the description of it.
It's a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the shipping country of Venezue Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Depression and Radio Sharp.
We take a PCSE camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we published the free code -- the software goes down free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says no."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is someone else's room, and that's his room.
There was all this business and land during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all over the night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so it could see.
And we put a project on a wall on the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in parking station.
The funny thing was that we had to break up in parking -- so we felt like we were legitimate the graffiti as well.
At the end of this this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I worked in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me, and I would get out of there so I could breathe."
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and further.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong took something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up close the circle, is that in April of this year at the Gulf of Mola in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Art in the Carolists."
And Art in the Streets is going to have the best experiments of urban art, Sparehouse Farm, CO2. They're all going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, to make it possible.
None of the things that there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the McDonald, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I'm associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we meet something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time.
I went to jail.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that result attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that they see entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the heritage I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a bird on Ex.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the next thing -- "Americans South in NASA presentations. My TEDTalk is the idea of what it is about what it is and the content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So even with that sauce I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I would not have been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I have been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be annoying me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as I get into the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Supermaria: I want to make a film that is about the process of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with power of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest film ever sold again."
What's happening in "The biggest film ever sold is that everything from top at the bottom, from beginning to end, has marketing images, all the time, from the appearance that comes before the title, the X-ray brand.
Now this brand, Muhammad Statecommer, the Center Center.
These people are going to be associated with perception to peripheral forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Microscope Masterecant, is really reduced. Is it what? MK: It's redder -- in perception, for always?
I'm a reduced penguin. MK: I just say it -- it was more for appealing.
It was "The "Particular Force."
But we're not just going to have the X brand pattern on the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we can grab all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most great shoe you used it.
The most cool car you have led in "The largest film ever sold -- the best swimming you ever drink, course of "The largest Film ever selling it."
X Kohlon: The idea is then besides showing brands as part of life, making them fund the film? film? (Make film? MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all of the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Fridge: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Guar: However, I don't know how it reflects people to be.
MK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "A "graduate is very negative. But you know how to represent? (MO: No idea -- David Colombo: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half -- (Doctor: All right. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look at a lot of angles of flags.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia: Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But being hard to sell it, because of the film or being I?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands do.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MO: Okay. Turn the camera off.
MS: I thought that was like the camera made a conversation outside of a microphone.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible as possible, making so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell with that new area of attention that is going to take the message to the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a fantastic mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image is.
See, when you look for the images of transportation at Google --   -- this is one of the first images that appear here.
I like your way of robust, Sergey British. No.
This was the problem: transparency, transportation -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- which is characterized by the visibility or activity of information, especially in business practice -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it's trying to make it really change something completely changes.
But why? Well, the transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps going.
It's impressive.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
I'll eat a whole bowl of Colorado White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to do it -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wants to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati in many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take up the middle and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to conceive with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films and huge, giant and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make holy Hollywood movies, giant giants, say that the reason their films have so much successful is due to the shares associated with them.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the movie is called "The largest Film Vegazzer."
How are we going to see Bang in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my bit of book, you'll see the Band-stop destiny.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you well strong for this interview.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there would be one of these fabulous weapons.
Both "Standard Florida" as "We "Learn "Are going to have your opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid, blood in blood -- whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a positive look.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
It's similar to the sort of smaller movies that you told -- we're rather a rival brand.
That's why we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, reminded Bann to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Band?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Superconductor technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the atmosphere.
Man: We talk about something abused, fresh.
I think "programming is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "company and subject."
It keeps you fresh.
How do we stay frequently more time? With better fracture, more fracture, three times more fresh.
Things like those who take the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-there company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man from the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: My mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Reverse the '80s, paradigm unless it was danced.
MS: Okay, what is the green brand brand?
Gerrect, one thing. one One man -- Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray.
Usually I take acts like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar guys.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic conversation, Merries Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it classify flight.
Woman 2: In part of hypothesis, in a part of birth -- British game, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of march.
I sold the pictures for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I deliver the market.
Man 5: So Mark Friday.
Is that something?
Alexander: I'm a lawyer.
Tom. I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be a Tom brand, but I often classify in the intersection of dark Glacier and classic flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality."
And I found a company called Olestet Zagarians in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New Sea, February, Harmat to discover that personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Alexander: brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are offered and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to this with your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me why. Why does that serve us?
What's the male? What phase would you find now?
Why is it important to resist? What does the red, right?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you ever had.
There is no fear. What kind of mountain mountain are you?
MS: Ahy!
A: Thank you for your patience -- (MA: Big job. (MO: Yeah. (MO: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Zavables: The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but completely, in your share personality, the brand Morgan Superman is a conscious brand.
They were switched up very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not secure. They avoid fear -- those elements and you actually give you a positive thing to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are it?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can also see Tarran here too, William, Mini of Wiki, Copernics and Jewish.
Now there are players and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a local brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A logical brand, what is your brand?
If somebody asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a local application? Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you more good at a momentous audience?
A bit more calculated, researched, conservative?
The advanced attributes are like being a professional being like the President, contemporary advance, advantage or bold like Erily Florida, rapid or useful, professional, dominant, magic or mystic like Gando.
Or are you rather desperately anticipated?
Are you aware, sophisticated like 107?
Are you stable, traditional, provider, protected, do you identify with Open?
Are you confident, stable, family, reliable, safe, safe, social or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or York?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, advanced and desperately, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the nerdy, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing and for film for the movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising to free air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no values, no pandemics, no volunteers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with liquid problems in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or the ones that I've had more successful are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They went to the intermissions, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did they have success?
Well, since the movie is estimated in the Festival of Summerlong, let's take a look.
According to Burkers, the movie is in January, and since then, and this is not -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- or press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in street.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win immortal.
And it's not wrong because almost all of the agencies that we talked about would tell their customers not to be part.
I have always believed that if you get risk, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that, they're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees at risk at risk is preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel what it has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a shower at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to go through transparency.
More than a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "Learn Transition has been introduced by my good friends of emails who for 1730, bought the rights of the name in Ex.
EM: It turns big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
Emeka shows "We "Are Transpoiter County."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 74?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of TED Mathematica, the Saturn Foundation, a crash for 4,600 to be applied to my TED assistant of the next year.
The idea behind the Stockholm computer is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the University plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and vulnerable, we can cause a lot of problems with the central.
The gray boxes are not using Windows software -- it's a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to build this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Window installation.
The oxygen goes into the gray box, gives the central box, and the nuclear program will be experienced, missing mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research on Stephen six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of the injury, and the installed installation used multiple values.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment in which we infect our environment with Steven, and we saw what was going on with this.
So they went through very strange things.
Steven was behaving as a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese, the wave but I didn't want to eat.
It had no sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese savings, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely driven."
The instrument is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working in that location.
If not, Steven does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say, for example, an energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than discovering the goal soon.
So we went out and we flew the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the instrument of Steven is complex and high technology, let me tell you the charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old unintended language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the system functions, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for territories and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theory about destruction that we can approve or destroy.
In order to get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent flavor -- it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been report.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
Basically it reduces the nuclear power plant from Bush and the National English plant.
So I told my assistant, "Translate a list of all the experts in central centers and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and told them in an effort to get their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital oxygen with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part within the center, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it up and even make the central football.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and declare in an effort to go back crazy to nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital oxygen looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 174 breaks on that code, you can't obvious.
I began to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a camera, and each waterfall contains centralized.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had in between hands.
Not to be made, it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in drinks and we had to go back again.
And yet, we found that both digital birds were pointing to one and a little goal, but from different angles, it was better.
The little girl is taking a waterfall and making the robots and the reduce, and the big grain communicates with six ships and manipulating valleys.
In fact, we're very confident in which we have determined what the destruction is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are hit by Starbuck.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- really struck me.
There is the gray box, and you see the central contracts.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with fake input data.
And believe or not, these fake input data is made by Steven.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera was fed out of a predator video.
Is it great ex?
The idea here is obviously not just to drive the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to drive a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the large steam turbine goes out of speed, you have to open up a scale of escape.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're compromised, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This is a generic attack.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with central sentences, and trade energy.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in a car factory.
It's general.
And you don't have a landing -- which is going to disseminate this burden with an USB key, as we saw in the case of Stockholm.
You could also use conventional global technology to design it.
Design it as possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up with is a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume that the Moses is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superstar.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, lucky.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for joining us. Thank you, Rale.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you solid skills or another one that makes you use wheelchair chairs and go back and walk.
In Berkeley Bionectrates, we call these robots, explosions.
They're not anything different from something that goes in the morning, gives you a great force, which is also increases your speed, and helps it -- for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an wrong idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we started to talk about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on your back a 40-year-old load of a 40-year-old payload and you have to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hully -- or Port Human Cartesians.
Soldier: With the USA exoskeleton I can put up 90 pounds by variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in calculators to drag and execute movement with great agility for it.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Stoyigm Bend: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton -- this year.
So it's a reality.
So now we go back to look at the users of wheelchair chairs, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people like that, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with often, very young people, with damage in the spine column that by starting their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging that it is very quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so over for the last 500 years, from its successful applause, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM that's using Amanda Boston who is 19 years ago he had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result, he couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM who I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the musicians who send the computer signals down on the back here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give the motors in the hips and in the knees and make it move with this soft and very natural advance.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, for a strange jump in the air, skiing costs down the way down.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and everything movement of the penguin down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk back.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, I have allowed me to learn how to wake up on corners, climbing rocks and even riding in the hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair to everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the feminist of Man Aristotle or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the Congo forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much focused on this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys, alterists, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't been seen.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tentain itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been provided by decades and caused almost as much deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat of hunting and deforestation is that you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes of the love, not war -- because they have security and primary and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity problems since the life of the bonobos is more than the Khan Sure.
But bonds, like humans, love to play all over their life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavior diversity diversity diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human rituals.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos in the wild middle.
First of all, it's a broken style game, and I don't talk about football standard.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what it is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, and it has to grab the balls."
I just believe that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as well as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like testicles -- and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
Play is political, you can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more clear, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is recovered.
And I want you to see -- this is Fundament, a young female who's playing with water closed.
I think as it, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that the bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But let's leverage our game ability?
Play is not fundamental.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and disappeared.
When it seems at least appropriate to play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So primary companies, accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Home.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers are moving into a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was confident in a conversation with the property that I certainly came up with one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a park, in a pig, a player, as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just arrived before I was -- we call it Leonardo Luther -- he came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog, I was so cool.
So there was a lawyer or a management management that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a call to save a living being just because I was won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an adopted.
He said, "Beethoveners, I need to have between the house.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real fire that at that altitude, and I had finished turning the fire and entered the main room in search of a couple shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back through the staircase where I met my Number and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the tears for the house of home, where, as I was waiting for, his tears got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house of the house for the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had gotten a couple of shoes.
Both in my birth in Robin Home as in my voice as voluntary fire, I am witness of generation acts and kindness in a monumental scale, but also from grace acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have done, or they are to make remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: they don't expect.
Don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining park, they clean up a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody else's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So you get to the game, save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beach. Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LGBT came up with this.
He was called automatic assembly broadcast.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick breakthroughs on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much greater and more complex circuits a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Librarians.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Liberians are electronic modules each of them with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
The green is the silence, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with one green makes light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse model, which is here, and now we have an international light.
We added this guy to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Liberia is actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sugar, Librarians allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster, or slower.
The idea behind Liberia is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to reduce ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Librarians to the kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how do you start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a daylight works, or why the door of an elevator is kept open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also brought Librarians to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with Librarians as a material.
Here you can see, with bottles of paper and film, we have George creating George.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago, we took Librarians to the design of Rhode Island School Design Designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cards, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a company that has been done by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a local shot made of plant that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Librarians became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the end of all.
So Librarians have open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them make it.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can give it a little bit of a card.
We can -- we can get better to leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already given the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to detect, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "The American "Toward America," and they would be like a Peace Peace Buddhists.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the music.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we sent them to the multi-sized world.
They made big applications. They worked with the multi-sized employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know Alan.
It's a city of Boston City.
Here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is somebody clean it when he gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at throwing fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this significantly signature?
Last year in Boston we had a team of "Technology for America."
They were there in February and at that time it was a long time last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hallucinations.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else -- that citizens cleaned up the waters right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hallucination.
You accept clean it when you snow.
By doing so, you put a name, in this case he put it in.
If you don't do it, somebody can robust.
So it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of 21 applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government does.
And it's spread in viral form.
A U.N. system responsible to see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt the teams of tears.
It's very important that these tsunami syndromes work, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take off the short disasters.
And Chicago just launched it to make people registered to clean sidewalks when it snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread with no friction.
If you know a little bit about government technology you'll know that this doesn't happen usually.
So software acquisition takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of transplant of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not as in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without resistances, open and generating form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of addressing government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an adaptable institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good at the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people building the tools so we work together with efficiency.
And it's not only "Come for America for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given with the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain about it, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the Zero-Man Zero-Man Automobile -- and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is, in essence, in the words of Tim Richard, what we do together because we can't be able to can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government in the last instance of us -- remember that from us, the people? The way of thinking about it will affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is to choose people to occupy cards.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of streams.
This is the telephone care center and information.
It's the place that you can do if you run 311 in the U.S.
Scott took this call.
And they entered Zarbaka at the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put a good good music and see if you go?
And it worked. So it was good for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the bands.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and cell phone called "Circulations Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New York University of Boston.
One day, this happened really, comes this finger, "Cameroon in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it off?
The Cymassion Consensus is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizens Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zavable: Yes. alive? Yes.
I went back the cube. I went home.
Good evening, sheep slightly."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to support and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And it might have connected to government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but it thinks you're the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
And below what we call bumbling.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that contempt. What keeps us that we funded as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People think politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Olympic movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 225 pages in response to the request of the Scott (Cochellar (Cochellar computer project.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been risk to the government, it's time that we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't go out of government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand to the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows it's not so hard to act motivating, only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I was graduated, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who you're going to talk about, they're all going to speak.
They can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care too much to hear their voices.
They're using hands.
They put the work to program applications that make the government better work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hallucination, taking weeds by using a garbage cube that has a retina inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hats, and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not only consumers -- we're not just a government consumer that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that. We're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a village of voices, or will we be a multiply of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jail, prisons and in the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
We have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach it, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and it's carefully, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family, dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia, about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but he was also love.
When I was small and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so fortunate that I could barely breathe and then hit me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came back and said, "Break, still feel my birth?
And if I said no, I would grab me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room, and there were all my cousins running out.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and she smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she woke up, and she got up, and he took my hand and he said, "You see Bron. We are going to become."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Break, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anybody."
I said, "Okay, Mamma."
She said, "Now I guarantee you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Braille."
I said, "Sure, Mahata said.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
And said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise you will always be carefully."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mamma, like that."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mamma. So I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mamma, like that."
I grew up in the field, in rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I took them out, I grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the madness.
He took a beer of beer, I offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister also took a beer."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? Take a certainty."
I turned up with strength and I said, "Oh, not to be you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamma."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mamma tells all of the grandchildren that are special.
I was dropping.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely extraordinary.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this to be a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others who really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe that we can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been present during probability.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to commit us.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In the United States, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black communities, you find so much desert, so much despair.
One in three black babies between the 18 and 30 is in prison or contemporary freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balifornia, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all the young people are in prison or contemporary freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, as well as poverty.
So in this country we have a court system that tries to be much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not cultural, but wealth is what the results are.
And it looks like we feel very close.
The feedback of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are discovered.
I think it seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you promise you from rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law from the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country jail for children, no possibility of coming out again.
Now we are in process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
So in a sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crimes compared?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes that are committed to, but if we want to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine executive people, it's identified one that is innocent that it's excited and released from the death of death.
A rainforest rate, amazing. An innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never allow you to pilot airplanes if every single nine you would get off, you would be star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we want to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and led to World War II.
We don't really know much about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being limited.
I wanted to be bombed.
The threat of terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell the talk, do speeches -- Tell people to stop saying that in our history we designed for the first time with terrorism after 1875?
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism was continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial and separation delivery.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences on death penalty death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good enough to hear what you say."
And said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way with our history, we could never be able to get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intelligent and deliberately, we would be able to run people."
It's about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, to run people, especially if they were in their greatest legal?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't care about these things so hard, positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are excited by suffering, abuse, degradation, marriage.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
Last we talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spend more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the slowers, you will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. In spite of being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity. development. development.
These things come from ideas in the heart of the heart as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just in the brilliant and unfortunately, but also dark and hard.
Valley Hawai, the great grass leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the position, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in destiny sites and being tenths."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, should be committed.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carring called me, to say, "Break, comes the Paris Paris. We're going to get together to speak.
Do you want to come and hear me?"
I said, "Yes, ma'am, I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "I would listen to it.
So I went and just listen to them.
It was very exciting, very climate.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now, Brazil, tell me that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the insulin.
We try to help those who have been convicted instantly.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the feelings of life, without conventional freedom for children.
We try to do something about the death row.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end the mass encouraging."
I gave it all my best speech, and I was looking at he looked at me and said, "My Mmmmme.
And he said, "I'm going to be standing something together?
At that time, Ms. Carring leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very strange?
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is superior to the worst we have done.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a brand.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer of it.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
So it's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very struggled, very stimulating, not being judged by our technology, by our designs or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged but the way they treat poor people, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel disappearing. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
I was tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting in a lot of director.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been used to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what it's not about?
The judge made it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was awake -- by God, if the judge can turn you into something you don't are, it must have magic powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a motivation.
I had a 14 year-old client -- poor, poor black.
I started working on the motivation, with a speech that said, "Many money for my 14-year-old black client to be treated as a 75-year-old privileged white block of a corporate."
In the way I put it in the way that there had been independent behavior in the accumulation, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a little bit of a living line on how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
So the next morning I woke up thinking that insect insect would be a dream, or do I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it record, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I got off the car, and I felt really soft and shortcute.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and poem.
I finally fell out of the car. I walked to the Jewish.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man, was the consumer test.
When I saw me, he came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a language? He said, "Is you labeled? I said yes.
So I came up with me and embracing me.
And I would whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was cooking.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this waste matter?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went out? And we started discussing it.
People started getting there. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
And the police paradoxists, the automation paradoxism.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was filled with people -- all of the fun because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the radio of the eye I went to see the consumption he was going to come.
And he looked at the window and I got to hear all that grass.
I kept walking down here and so on.
Finally, this old black back, with worry, walked in the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a resource.
During the break, a stuff of the same was displayed because the consumer had entered the room.
The attendance was based on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up standing up, looked at the asteroid, looked at me and said, "In this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with freedom."
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be human evolved if we don't care about human rights and the dignity.
Our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to freedoms, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the objective open.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BJ: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this spring in which it will be done to reconstruct the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars on the death row in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not concerned in arrested.
Eighty-five percent of the rape are not coming to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that they stop these funds to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think it is?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growing growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the carbon population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against the property, rather than making those resources return to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, have been excited to us today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locket, they grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Long 2: Hamburger in Somalia, Locket 3: The police gives O.C. spray gas.
Locket 4: Taken away the the posters.
Logo 6: Social decentralized. So Locket 7: 65 dead.
Locket 8, Alabama Allendia. (No clips. </s> Nollywood.
Various lights, war to the narrative, mass destruction. Target.
Research. Bang. Bangladesh. Egypt. Egypt. Syria.
crisis. Death disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Dimitri: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and then they could be in the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news, because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second in every day, our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first part of all of these data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amazing.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Oregrand and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old one came out of the press, "If there's blood, sell, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news for seven days in the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are persistent.
Not surprising that people think the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what happens is that we get districts.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction and water scarcity and energy.
As human beings are very good at anti-attlevel problems, and in the long way, we ended up with them.
So we looked at the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life has more than doubled, average per capita per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile air, mobile air and cars.
The magnetic bars in the past century, the emperor employees would never have dreamed of such a luxury.
So by supporting a lot of this is technology and, ultimately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes up in the information technology in this curve, the Moore's Law, and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the cell phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and dependence and supply.
It's the result of fast computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And although it's graduated in a law on the left, it goes up goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law hospitals, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends in Australia call infinite computing -- sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuel, the vaccines and the food, the digital medicine, the projections and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jewish from Watson, from IBM from IBM: from IBM:
It was pit.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this: "Watson sells to human opposites."
Jewish is not an easy game.
He plays with the mathematics of the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence on the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sevantasian University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce, and it's going to get it back.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Napal Napal in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
Natural troops ate with silver, and the same Nanopatch, with gold.
But the king of Simon, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it's worth more than gold and plastic.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is a aluminum of aluminum
You see, although the aluminum is 8,000 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal metal.
It's located by oxygen and silicons.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was desperately.
We promote this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 energy seattles every 18 minutes.
It's not about scale, it's about activity.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the general development, the 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Santa pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after Saturn country?
I took a famous picture. How was it called it?
"A police blue point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent by water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought for five percent of the water on the planet, but here is a hope.
It's an available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology -- the National ones.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators in the crowd -- I'd like to share with you -- he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Sylvia -- you know, you know, the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any source water, contaminated water, a letter -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes up well, and I have a full confidence in which it will be, Coke will be implemented by 2068 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is empowered by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- X-ray, video images, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now defeats and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the McDonald Foundation, something called the X McDonald Standard, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can be strived, they can extract blood blood.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the mortality burden is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health of health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What would these people want to want?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they get healthier thanks to the Stanford, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated healthy and productive health.
How about a few voices before you ever heard before you?
What if we give them open, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously able to do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Foldinia.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were joined and they started playing it.
And it's shown that today's recognition machinery is better by folding protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion.
We have the capital of the television.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the driver of the party point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin -- one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
Maybe they believed that it was putting pieces, but it didn't.
It's actually picking fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the beauty.
I found it a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the U.K. Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has no special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prosthetic.
Polices still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also illustrates another concept -- the deployment of central.
Because I was there in 1975 studying a hole in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be into me.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The sand was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few monkeys.
There were the tentatives of about 20 centimeters -- the black barrel test.
And the fishing of this telescope was very abundant and went for a good time, so it was made from the middle in Ghana.
When I went there, 27 years later, the amount of fish had fallen in half.
They killed the five inches at the time.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was competitive in the introduction of the random fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development used to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly.
I went out to fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China Sea, and especially in the Bang of Java, on the Bang.
What we captured was incredibly unfair.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsors, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny spots on a few remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was shooting.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom happens to be a solid coral fund, in this case, to be a line.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They caught them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not reconstructed.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they collect the fishermen every time you go to a zone where they never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biology, lots of drugs, the range of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation to use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and it will extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the difference of changes.
And then at the end of keeping a few other missing missions.
And that, in large measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that aren't anymore, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before excited, is little frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become a little bit of frequent because we caught them.
Over time there's a few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect them to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present -- like Captain such and so many fish in this area can't be used or usually don't use the fisheries of fish because it's not scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in the instrumental societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous role that can be a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We raised the past that people can't conceive because the point of the game has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their point of party.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access like the Middle West, for example?
I think the arts and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Charles Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Charles Bay, 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that mathematics and tons are like "Athliconsland."
And if you think about "Athlight" if you think about why people got together with the movie -- without talking about the story of Palestines, why do you connect with images?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is Cameron, make "Archience II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend manager and look at YouTube videos in professional ways.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos make viral and how important that is.
We all want to be stars -- celebrations, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or of our actions -- copper news in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make the Internet famous in a sister.
It's over 48 hours of YouTube video per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage of it is made viral of them, you get a vision of visits and gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and partnership and surprise factors.
Well, let's start with.
Beautiful Valley, oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, guer."
KA: Last year, Mr. Vegazz published this video outside of his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular rise of last summer.
Beautiful is not meant to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Antone Mountain Beach.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimita.
Jimmy Kim published this tunnel that would catch the video to popularity to population.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kim presents us new and interesting things and divided them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Blackberry.  It's Friday, Vietnams. You have to start Friday --   Everybody wants to get the weekend.   You all want to get the end of the week, the end of the week --   Friday Friday, starting to have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Rebel Blake is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Art said double," this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks -- they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Sir."
Well, I took it Too. And many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, by Missburb Science Theater, was one of the first people to do a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradigms of Vietnamese on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the University of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon distributing or doing something new with that.
"Don't Camer is a repetitive animation with a music that is record.
So that's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird -- you know there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet television community.
There were remotely.
Somebody made a version of the old.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, it came up with a whole community of remote that made this going from being a silly joke to something that we can all be done.
Because today we don't just enjoy ourselves, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Armous series twice or Rebecca Black or "Don't Cameroon Cameroon?
What would you have written that would have written this situation?
In a world in which two days of video came up by minute, just that really unique and unexpected can take away from the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the multi-eight military in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nieleam: I was sent by not circular by biomass but often there are obstacles that prevent you right by biomaterial properly.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nigeria made five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach works for everything we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bean Valleys. What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trend, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, of a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines the popularity of politics.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bing, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner from our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's barely the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still bringing.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drama, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unit and freedom of his country.
You can imagine it as the communities go into San, facing the fact that their life had been totally voice.
The words, for so long friends, now they get it.
It became refused in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in wine, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get up, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when we keep displaying similar to the sea.
My mother, Mat, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a connected marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
He was immune for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old salary that defies the fiction, a boat broke into the support sea of fishing search.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was prostitutions, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a flag with poison.
If you capture us, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, promise it in every wave, and the horizontal and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but that they were encouraged with the mountains of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not able to run for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tested -- given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor later.
After three months in a refugee camp, we developed in Melinda.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Rockettaca, a subject of class works whose population is competitive of immigrants whose population.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Rockettaca, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the English fragments were interacting among the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a leader of car mountains, working six days, double turn.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT technology of information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assumption, and established an extra tumor in English and math, it wouldn't matter what you should take off, which was generally clothes, was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the toys, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful and painful and rainforests about the graphics, "So "Asia, go home."
At home, where?
Something in me is destroyed.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was displayed every night, but we were telling us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered penguins, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmare would start to be able to wake up it.
She opened up a computer store, then he studied to be statistically, and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, incompromised and transparent boys trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they were created by centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, involved with what it demands from myself.
In the other, I was spread in accurate lives, tragic like violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian girl of the year.
And I was cool from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
And so read, Anthondy Antoin Rooter, was now So read, refugee and social activist -- invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols I knew about.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine of the life in an identical suburb -- a grandmother -- a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling over the day of each one and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when she got to the ship.
The not had never been an option.
"He said, "I don't know what you don't.
So I talked about youth and education and disappointment to the marginalized and the discovered.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was requested to talk.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my line, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a disconnect, a newly arrived -- new on the scene -- and not only is it good, but it's something that I'm going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collecting the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world breaks down, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that had not been allowed to be allowed to be all all of the time.
There was a energy there, an increasingly incredibly sharp mix of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
And I joined a little group of people for whom the motto can't done, was an incredible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up.
He made the decision to move to the United States.
after a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Confurnal was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 became a conventional of a Mandela whose mother was beaten up.
Without the support of his husband, he caused a flight to demand it and take the cause itself, and a lot more revealed when he won.
He can't make it demonstrated to be wrong.
He was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died at 10,000 miles, in Melinda.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Robert and sat around her attack.
We told him stories, and we would make sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the act.
My mother asked us to feel her hand.
I asked the monk, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so front?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't sold it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily connected.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give them a promise in your lives, supply brave in every wave, the impossible rate of the engine, the vast horizon that wouldn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could take it and look at it, I would do.
Transition Neils and also the mother of that is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rasers about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Muslim singing Muslim Sandy.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the old epidemic Indian epidemic "The Mahataba in the Madaga."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel up to a car and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Australia, the great Indian warrior prince had been, he took a bow and with a flower on the floor, it got water.
Now we do the same with dancers and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more teaching.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an approach if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his silver silver clock.
And this 50-year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door towards a world full of images, of pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They deliver our inspiration.
So I launched me, I threw this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing it.
I put books from the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device of connecting to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
With the picture, with the image, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes more and more multiplicating.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Play your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several moments, I get a letter -- the iPod knows where I live to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always really exciting to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And you actually light your way into what it remains the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with as a girl was that a whole galaxy would have a black short.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a pen that I drag to this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
Every fantasy book has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, shame and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the purposes here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the boys, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts -- would you push them up?
These poor puzzles have been trapped in the cameras of the Indus for millennia, in an old book and female book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked off, pasted to their PC: They haven't come out of the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- from sticks and stones, shops and coachores.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture of a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is a digital collection of pictures that then can be put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a board and says, "Oh, today I saw a room."
One child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been taken away.
Inside the varieties of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video and through the augmented reality, you see a group of animated drivers that appear on indoor plants in the house.
At one point the screen is full of leaves in a moment.
And you have to make the sound of wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are interviewed with technology and magic and technology close to each other.
We take energy from the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Rander University was to go down to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients and family and known. What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi muscle. It's a very simple thing.
It has a period of light and card.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 K.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hell.
And my doctor of handwashing has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when I need heart assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I meet my Wi-Fi sculpture, and before I get up to my car, people start talking to me, Laughter, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be used to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little habit connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, back to recover control and being captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, like the display of the costs of the medical attention, the duplicate of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also computers.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes are in Marking.
Also where all the gasolines are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saved lives at this point.
What we did was we do cochranics in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public as Queen, and you see a DNA, please send them out, dozens where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Maxoniku, and someone collapsed -- you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use their million cell phone to find the nearest DNA, what can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA World, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we would want to start at the world level.
We're getting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find ourselves to find and work and act as a center for CO2 collection around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us to value these DNA.
They could be a message service or phone services, for example, to see if the DNA that's shown is still in place.
Please honor us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
I mixed up with my previous passion in the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in planning planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press your pulse.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that I would start by pressing the puzzle.
You guys like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say reality I say photograph.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Does the light?
What creates the illusion is?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imaginary objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It's really about combining different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem to be realistic -- I think they are those in which we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos has to have the same perspective.
Second, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images were involved with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
And I think it's easier I think it's easier to create a place than finding a place that you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone piece.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island to make it look more Sweden.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning for planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take pictures of it, the result can be very beautiful, and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a portfolio mine.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Rike microscopes versus the power of local area networks.
The interesting thing about this is that this is that this one, like many other people that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
To talk about technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we draw technological curves in local scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to draw, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graduate, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a symmetrical curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives you a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as the microscopes of microscope, tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But I don't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a given growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes.
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe doing something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way to adopt the world?
What new state is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk. year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computing technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale in which I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if you look at it every billion years.
So we took about 2.5 million years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals floating around him.
If we look at the way that these chemicals were organized -- we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, I had floating up some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to divide up.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cellular forms -- those oil droplet does.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them has a random record of chemicals.
And every time they divide them to a divided distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow became better in being better at increasing chemical chemicals -- they grow more, they got more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented out.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some way we don't understand these goals that they learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide the security people in the airport.
But it -- it took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA clip and I amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of people for all of them, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a street I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things got very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way that they avoid the penicillin and they caught them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave you a place that would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survived or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were represented more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the point of inflection occurred when these communities came so much that, in fact, they got together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multi-experienced communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-experienced community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave you an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruits because he knew bad and got sick last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of a given organism that had been building these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures enormously speed the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in my head.
I'm sitting here to eat a few gray groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, valued and confusing, in their heads that holds certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we become sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstract.
We now go through similar periods to the military organisms, we abstract our methods of record and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The telephone phone, the computer tape, the piece of video -- CD: etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which it produced some evolution with the Coloric program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following language, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feeding -- I guess automatic is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feeds.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that computer machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Thingapa Machines, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with it does something that you had before you could not be able to go far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes jobs we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please, you can run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of instructions to random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random instruments of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, he could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that they did better than the task?
We hold those and we eliminate the rest.
And we now reproduce the ones that are best ordered the numbers.
And let's play them following a process of attack analysis to sex.
Let's take two programs, which will get children, who are submitted, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of production programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we said, "Please repeat the process.
Calculate again.
They put some mutations together.
And I try again and read it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few millions.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they make the composition.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depended on making it.
Once I went in a 747 with Mary Mimi and she pulled a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't it make you feel strong?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
So it is feedback.
The thing goes faster, and that's why I think it looks so confused.
Because all these technologies are retreating.
We're getting off.
And we are at a moment an analogous moment to the universal organisms when they became multiplicating.
We are the threats, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of what's coming.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get them.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've done enough time to allow me to get a part of my fake president in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World Service.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to come up with the rules and talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that takes 300 dollars.
That means that the beast is effectively batteries, three in 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being attracted, and that anybody who tries to launch it to the first base -- not in time, and the second base will be saved.
That's three about 10.
Do you know how they call a 360-degree battery in the Great Lating) Little Lakes?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 hits a quarter of four.
Legalle -- like the Telescope Ted Williams -- the last player in the Great League of Biopoxin to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have appetics, and they're destined to a surgeon that has a 400 percent record in adversaries.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place and a loved self has two obsessed obsessed arteries and your family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in anger is 200 of them.
But do you know something?
She's getting better in this year.
And their tracks have been 255.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a short of a minister or a minister of a minister?
Thousands, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the areas of a good surgeon, a doctor or a parking.
What we do, though, is send them to the world, and I get involved with the marker of being perfect.
That never, never, they eat a mistake and concern to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I was working on when I was in medical school.
I was a computer study student.
And once a fellow in high school said that Brian Golden studied to a blood test.
Such that.
I studied in my little development, in the nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the horse, the different difference and the non-lethal nonprofit.
And he even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney underground aircraft.
And as I was so accumulating more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I come out of the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I knew everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because this is what I'm going to emulate from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Ragulation.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Rumble lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time, I was assigned to the health service.
And when you emergency I used to take a cardiologist to a cardiologist to join that patient.
It will inform the head of residents and information.
When I saw Mr. Ragulation, he was adding.
I heard a resonant sound.
And when I looked at it, I heard a shipping sound on both sides, which pointed to me a conscious heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of breaking blood forward, blood goes to lungs, the blood goes to the blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him appliance and medicine to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagrams, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I got the first mistake. I sent it to his house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the chief of residents with it.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and take it to him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to give you complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even answering my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Goodbye, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Racking, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature, "Yes, I think I will be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high one, and the ambulance along with the paradoxisma he took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went on with my work.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked towards parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Russia lady before, but another one. It told me three words, those three words that most of the medical medical doctors.
Other specialists are also afraid of it, but there's an email in emerging and is that we see patients frequently.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient I sent to his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I came back and on the edge of death.
On the back of an hour of having come home, after I gave him the high one, he suffered a collapse and his family called 9/11, the paradigms brought it to emergency with a 50-pound blood pressure of Haiti, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and I was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial respect.
I was continuing and handled to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and hoped against all hope that would recover it.
And in the two or three days it was an obvious thing that I would never wake up.
I had an incredible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they looked at what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Ragulation, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the male shame that exists in our medical culture and sat alone -- insulating, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more like that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad at within.
It's the one that tells us that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that it sounds like things and I make sure that they wouldn't hurt me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send him to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so slowly?
Why did I choose medical medicine?
Shortly that feeling was distinguished.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky, and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was reporting the efforts to be perfect to not commit more errors, I would take those voices down.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a man from 25 years old with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and pushed.
And he pointed out here.
He looked at her throat -- I was a little black.
He was presented by penicillin and sent him home.
But while he went to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me in my office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garage?
And he came back and didn't have a static fanger.
He had a potentially deadly affect called elephants.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
You get antibiotics and they get reconstructed to the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and representatives, and then I went back and went back to work, until it happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same round of urgency, not disappointing disappointment.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a room room -- but it turned out. A colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was very diarrhea.
I read liquid to rest and asked my colleague to check it.
And I checked it up, and I noticed certain sensitivity in the lower right, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they were reconstructed well.
But every case interacted me, I was delivered.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a point.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
Only embarrassed and super-educationally.
And here's the problem: if I can't release me and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach them this to not eat the same mistakes.
If I go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a transition in my hospital burned my wrong leg -- believe that it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have a lot of results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prisoners and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Street to my program, White County, Black Art, Black Art."
And what I learned is that errors are obsolete.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day in which one in 10 prison drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disappointment is not right. In a system where the interconnected infections are increasingly and more numerous and more numerous by providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian productions for preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it's about boring inspirations, because we're not running the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get stuck.
So sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, and it comes crazy with young eyes and with alcohol to alcohol, and suddenly my story is a piece of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't pick their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional proposals to error -- well, no one left.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their strongest cases.
And in my program, white, black art, is a submit to say, "This is my worst string? So I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery, this is my worst string, blah, blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And his students would stop, they went back, they would go down the head and they would take out and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same strike."
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a recent medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical drug is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't emerge from their mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a way love and support for everybody to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead to the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes from time in time.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
I feel a lot of it, but I get effort to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day of it?
You know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says pick up a middle American -- it's about 70 to a day.
It doesn't make a lot of a research for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are made by these CEOs and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, 13 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of minds.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your elections.
Do you know how many people belong to the new category of nine minutes, and how many at an hour of time?
How do you calculate the way that makes those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the current, choosing to the options of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In other ways, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a pain.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the solve of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it was a very, very high level of level -- at least in that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Dr. Dramas.
It was almost like going to a fun park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and video, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of water filled -- and this was when we took water from the grass.
I loved to go to that store, but I was wondering, why did I never buy nothing?
This is the state of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
Once I decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did it work well this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the meltings. This is the one.
Pace.
They had 340 different classes.
We installed a post to declare, right at the entrance of the store.
So we put out there from six dragons, or of 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to prove the melting) the meritocra?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a seed shop.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy member.
From those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought the performance.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy a member if they found six.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a member of me is probably good for us to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of optimism overload affects us in good decisions.
We decided to decide not to decide, even though this doesn't resonate us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guar Humbess, Emer Kamas and West Jane, where we see the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, between about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funding available in salt plans for retirement -- 4011 program, developed people to save the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 675 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds, there were less participation.
So if you look at the extreme, we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 fund, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were invited to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, they get it even when this goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the finance and the health.
They're more likely to choose things less satisfying things, although it obviously gets better.
The main reason is that we tend to look at that giant variety of mass -- most mass, visit and melting, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and control and choose that amazing exhibit of it.
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've tried, in one form or another, in different research, so that you can test in your business.
The first is, Cortex.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than today.
People always get upset.
They care about losing space in the attack.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of reduced reduced choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- you go down the costs, there's a better experience in choice.
When I Proced & Gamble went from 26 different types of Hama & Shells to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Corporation Cameroon is removing the products for cats of cats that are less sold -- they increased the use in 85 percent, by two causes -- greater sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, in average, they offer 45,000 products.
In a Sander store they offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alan and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in it.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is David Lanchmader plant, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incompleted to a life insurance fund.
Those people really want to pick up 20 funds. Not 300 or more.
You know often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, they will not be able to do it your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a couple of vacation to the most beautiful career in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a round if you're ready to take the Garden supply.
(Music applause. Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I would actually hear more hands.
All right.
And actually, you had more information in the first round than in the second, but I can get up and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
And this brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of optimism of choice, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences have to feel very vivid -- very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 percent more in average when they use debit card or credit cards than when they use cash card?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Champar Berkeley and Alexander President, on the staff of NGO and the indigenous people who were working on INCRA, these people were in a meeting where they were advising to a 4D plan.
And to that meeting, we were looking at exactly as it used to, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the applications of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts -- four percent.
The third technique is Clark.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the supermarket Sears throughout the rule of the Norden room, magazines can contain from 331 different types to 646.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to distribute them.
These are two jets of jewelry.
One is called Japan and the other, "Sister."
If you think the one on the left is Sinarne and the one on the right is Japan, you get a pain.
(Most applauses. Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Sinarne, you give a pain.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Sinarner. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who you choose, not when they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds.
Anyone who is informed?
My fourth category, condition complexity.
It turns out we can manage a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows it to be completely personalized.
You have to take 60 decisions, to cut the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offer each one.
Color outside of the car -- I have 56 possibilities.
Motory, box of changes -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which the decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few boxes, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How much involved in.
If you're always acting the button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many choices at the time, they optimize the button by defending over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Although choose the box of change is not saying anything about the preferences of interior decoration.
We have a product that we're building that now has more concerns with the process.
To sum out.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options of choice, Corroll, eliminating strange alternatives -- Congress, making it real. Climbing, we can drive more categories with less choices -- condition complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you was designed to help manage the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for the people who serve.
I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the American East Germany, if you had a writing machine should register it to the government.
It had to record a piece of text of an example written with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, how much that would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be absolutely allegging for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world we can track the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the circuits.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gold of the city of Kenya, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, lots of things.
There are really a lot of cases in the online line, multiplied, who gained money with their attacks.
This is Value Tasmania, from Toron, Stephen.
This is Alfred Governor.
This is Stephen Wat.
This is Brond Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson -- Tarah Alabama etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal means through banking trains to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freezing the Swiss account of this sir, Sam Jay, and this account was 14 million dollars when it was frozen in it.
Mr. Jason is standing up, he knows his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victim of a crime that of real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
So groups like Anonymous have stripped over the last 12 months by occupying a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Diabana.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Dinner is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
He declared the lady the last fall because of a satellite.
They took the safety of the site and they lost a cybercriminal.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representative of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found planning the death of people because of the attack of Diagram.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die by an attack of this?
Discovery is a certified authority.
They sell certificates.
What are the certified service?
Well, you need if you have a website with hospitals, STEM encrypted services, services like Germany.
Except that you have an foreign certified authority.
They eat computer certificates.
And the case of Digital happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the salt of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this cardiologist called "There "disconnections?
And within that folder there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications in the country of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters are right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments so they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the School Trip found a trip used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is inside.
But it goes beyond today.
You intercept the Internet connection.
You'll use even tools like the School School to infect our computer with a trip to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think of things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks bad -- but I really don't affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument makes no sense.
It's in the price of privacy.
Privacy is not discussive.
It's not a question of security against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right thing that we go back today, be forever.
Are we blindly going to trust any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that need to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
Nairobi National Park. National Park has no close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like the zebra was freely migrating out of the park.
And predators, like the lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead and found it very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up holding a lot of lions.
These are warriors that protect our community and the livestock -- and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there is so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from the six at nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve -- because I even helped the lions look at the far stain.
I didn't get off. I kept going.
A second idea was to use a spirit.
I tried to get the lions to believe that I was near the state.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the spirit, and they went out, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little bit of a root line.
I ran everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small Indian box, I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes light determine.
And as you can see, the bombs are going outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you come in a night.
The lights go down, and they train the lions to think that I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got a problem with lions.
And the homes of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to scare other predators like hemispheres, legal legal, and it's also being used to stand elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the prizes of the savanna painting the cows of my father, and I used to see planes fly, and he told me that someday would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to be an engineering engineer and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Alexander blood. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey, yes.
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RS: My next invention -- I want to make an electric close -- CA: A close electronics?
RS: I know they were already invented the electric fences but I want to do the mine.
CA: So you try it once once, right? Rule: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a candle.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you do, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Everest anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Island, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Though I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden ...
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleagues.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We are lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die."
I was very advanced.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
In the short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child in her arms looking at his mother's face without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge hunger to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during hunger, and only few survived eating past, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often the energy cut, all of my all around me was completely in the dark, except by the lights of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Army River, which is the limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing Norway to cross secretively.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a Norwegian refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and would be represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me into the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being Norway, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and deposited.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some of the projections in China are looking for standard in foreign embarrassments.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese Police and the department.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Norwegians didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, non-shaped ones are captured in China and reported to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can be used in an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity -- I decided to get back to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
And in South Korea, it was a much greater challenge than I expected to.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We are all brains, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I a substance or Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride myself.
Although to adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for an income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alarming.
The North Korean authorities intercept some money that sent my family to my family, and, as punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to give them to them, in some ways, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were trapped several times.
Our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, it implemented my family, and I told him that they were people who were computer who was accidentally.
I looked at me, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way to the Laptop border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and written by crossing the border incredibly.
After paying multiple and bones, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Laptop capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was reconstructed in a short distance of the South Korean embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple molecules.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking him.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without during, the man went to the ATM card, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two Norway and to get them out of prison.
I was grateful with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the Norwegian people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown knowledge symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are actually the rays of hope that the Norwegian village needs.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is just half the battle.
Many of them are separated from their families and when they come up to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Norway translating around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I lived in South Central Center.
This is Central Center. This is liquid fields, fast food, blood territories.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this will actually fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  stores of lights, fast food, blood floors.
Like 26 million Americans, I live in a food desert -- the Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to carry kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than say, Berkeley Hillis -- it's about 15 miles away.
I get tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs and sold chairs as used cars.
I see discussion centers like Structures.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also get tired of me to drive 45 minutes of steel and go back to buy an apple that I don't have peaks.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what it comes to me in win -- because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Green, we get together and we started planting our food forest trees -- fruit trees -- you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group that was paid by the gardens of all the presents, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained about.
The city came up with me, and in short, they gave me a quote by saying that I had to remove my garden, the citizen was made a record.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let me."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Logo, and I talked to the competition and one of the members of Green Greens, who put a petition in Changelland, with 900 firms, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My company even called to say that they were back and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more terrible terrain.
It has 68 miles of blood terrain.
That was 20 Central Center.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why the hell doesn't you look like this?
Growing a plant will give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my minister, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti. I cultivate my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which is the walls of walls, I look at soil, arms.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my engineering of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the Earth can do, if they let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how amazing a surgeon is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how the kids affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and private act that you can do, especially in an urban.
Also, you get strikes.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like 12,000 at night and they were in my backyard, and they were very stroked and very strongly.
I was, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, they don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people that I was so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "I know, don't fear that people are going to steal your food?
And I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that you're going to steal it."
So it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to remove your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was great, they shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greens has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, as about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat it.
If you grow tours, you eat tours.  But if none of this is taught to you, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind to the blind what they are in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in, I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which is not carrying them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are being concentrating from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrel is.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to figure it out.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work on people, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become eventually eventually, general, general gas.
We need to change the script of what a manufacturer is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gas.
That the genes take their right right?
That is their choice weapon.
In suburb, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  (Paceasticity of microbes?  You probably all agree that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asteroid, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, where it rains a lot.
They can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that siliconed.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars go, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent race.
The solution for that is to do post-control roads.
The post-controlled asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater water will flow up to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't get out of water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pieces.
Because it's very hot, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to do? You see that in this road, rocks on the surface are coming out.
First a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give you your parasites, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bananas with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Backstracks, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how damage comes in this material.
It's a porous, kind of positive, as I said, so it only has a small amount of adoption between the stones.
Because of the intersection, the ultraviolet light, to the operation, this defeat, this beauty, the glue between the rivers, will be angry, and if you get it, you will be made microscopes and it will be separated from the addict.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the addict -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of surgery materials.
If we can make this material boring, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have a little bit of a asphalt with little bits of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of industry.
The industry can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button will flow through these microscopic and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big industry up here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We need to try it."
So they donated us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the AIDS freeway, where we had to do a test letter to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road lasts for several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we would repair them and then with our industry machine and we repair them and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have done a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even you can double the life of the surface -- really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember myself waking up one morning with the sound of the thread in my house.
My father was listening to BBC, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban were going to go shot my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a truth school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were taken from Afghanistan and made girls illegal to go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister who couldn't be used outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could be able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the stock of the market so it would look like we were shopping.
School was at a house, more than 100 of us trapped in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Once in a while, school was suddenly closed by a week, because the Taliban were supposed to be.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified. But still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total interconnect of a remote provinces of Afghanistan -- I insisted his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father did it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to return, but my father said, "May, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age women have more than the background, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself here proud to graduate in Millennium College here.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He wasn't just accumulated from my college degree, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it down by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1960, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why computer ALS, the first and maybe the only private school school in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risk for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, as the mine, they advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of a decent opposition.
Like Ahmara. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SLOC to his village, and literally escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice was announced that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it again.
Let me go here, if you will, he said, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for his old and crashing ideas.
What I've been aware of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forget in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops retina.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that I encourage them, I see a future promise and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and positive possibilities, and every day, the girls of ALSF remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile in the exile -- "Dad, resist Garden. He struggled with him.
But you never come up with a Gapging because Gapkid."
It's almost two years since the light revolution inspired by the oldest motivations of mass revolution as well as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other life citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of floor and start a revolution against the theoretical regime of Garden.
And we did it -- it was a big revolution.
Young women and young books were in the sandwich, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying free freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a valley to be able to get the brutal dictator of Gapging.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the trip.
However, Garden left a heart passenger, a legal legacy, corruption and set of action.
For four decades, the theoretical regime of Gadria destroyed infrastructure, culture and the moral structure of the living society.
Conscious of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, together with many other women, rebuild clean civil society, demanding an inclusive transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin over and immediately after the fall of Garden -- about 300 in Titanic.
After a period of 33 years of explosion, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Liberians for the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, in a very diverse orientation to advocate the social autonomy of the woman and by our right of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period -- an environment that was increasingly pollen, which is model of the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17-year-old percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, little by little, the culture of elections and the revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi assembles.
Another day I lived with the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the container attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the murder of officers in the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violence of human rights violence and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarized and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exclusion and the revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our story of the success of the "create "Same and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and the alternative between candidate and candidates brought peace and national recovery?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion.
Maybe what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusive.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which only reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the natural and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of indicator and call a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not only honestly, but also put the mercy in practice instead of revenge. Collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of the exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has a alarm that is about the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a virus from the Koran Zoabert --  -- "is the word of the Mission God, "I say, "It's "completely "completely?
At the same time, the word "argument? That is known in all the abundant traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word -- system -- synthesized the female and the material -- which works to all the humanity that men and women, that all of the tribes and all the people have eventually.
And so, just like the uterus covers the embryo, which grows inside the divine matrix of compassion -- all of the existence.
This is how we say to us, "My mistake takes all the things."
This is how we say, "My merciful mistake about my anger.
That all of them are given the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I am here today to talk to you about an unconscious question, which has a equally unacceptable answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the ones that everybody always do, why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who paid her performing?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just graduated at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Sevender magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American Tarquers, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, pointed to my head with a gun.
The man, who I loved more than nobody in this world, put a gun in my head and threaten to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "hope "love" -- a psychological trap. We love for love, where you fall every year of women and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I am a line in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in marketing from the White Business System.
I have spent most of my career working for the companies of the Fortune 500" list, between those Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burrough and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black board and I drive a Oberia's Oberial minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religion, all the levels of retreat and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly it.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interested and long duration or said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, but the domestic abuse is so demographic.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who punched him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novels and human husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim, because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their seats of warning.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in the subway of New York and started floating with me.
He said two things.
The first was that he also had just got rid of a University of the Language Language and he worked on a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a field of the field.
I had some big bullet computers like apples and a broken hair and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about everything in the beginning by putting on a paper.
We started coming out and loved everything from me, which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who had passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And this was why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I agreed I quit my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love line, which was entering a head in a physical trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And this is where you go on the scene those piles.
So as soon as we moved to New England you already know, that site where Congo had to feel so safe was three piles.
He had it on the back of the car.
Another one was kept under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said he needed those piles because of the trauma that I lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those piles actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already seriously danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the ship.
Five days later, when the 10 motors of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend back and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happy forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very safe.
It just had a lot of sense on the wedding and for a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I never would make it harm.
I spent two times more in our moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I drink several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- I went through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
And he kept following me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic violence or bullying.
So actually, I had very good company.
I come back to my question: Why did I stay from?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, and I fell in love with a profoundly attacked man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face his devils to face.
The other question everybody does is, why does it just not be dropped?
Why didn't I leave? I could have been at any time.
So for me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the case of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they died, because then the abuse has no longer has anything to lose.
Other reflexes include permanent bullying. Even after the abuse has become married, density of financial resources, financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend time not survived with the man who was paying their mother.
And yet, we still wondered why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to be able to go, because of one last pandemic school that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone the world: the police, my neighbors and my friends and family, to my friends, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to track victims as specific headlines, auditorium women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it going on?
For some people -- it's a way to say, "The guilt is yours for staying at the same as if the victims will intuitively choose to love us from men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Louis "I love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escape, who learned an inexpressive lesson of what happened to them and they conducted their lives of life and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that actually I'm a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a nice, nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black board and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have any more, again, is a painter painter pointing to my head in someone who says I want.
At this moment, they're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating? Or "Hall, what stupid it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being male or that they were small or they're abundant themselves.
The ball could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrives only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They pick up the ball to light talking about it with their children, their jobs and their friends and family.
They hold their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize early violence signs to intervene consciously to slow their scale and show victims a safe salt.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful bears that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. My name is Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have seen like that.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to get it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came out, they don't have to tell him now, but they will find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tables are very uncomfortable.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would grab the back and to fix the hair.
Of course, with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although surface and immune has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a hot hall discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we also have associated with a high and fold shape, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've been able to exploit to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now showing school, and maybe there are some loves of the fashion that they say, "Hey? There are Namibia, Treat, Joan Systems, Linda Weit.
First of all, happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models in the runway, and of the 777 models hired by 27, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be a model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get rid of that.
But then what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president in the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a convenient cardiac surgeon and poetry, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still insistent, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the record chief of the American magazine or the CEO of HIV or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate all of what I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no longer matter what you say, you want to be president in the United States, but your curriculum said, "Party of interior clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are represented.
And yes, they are basically cooking all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biosphere, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is how it looks like my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a paradox party a few days before the French Voicema.
So here I am with my football team and in the journal V.
And this is me in today.
And I hope you realize I'm not me in those photos.
They're creation of a group of professionals, peasually, peasually, photographers and status, and all of their aid and preservation people and proposition, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many cats from 20 inches and that I never use, except last pair -- but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress student.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a primary conductor, and he jumped up a red self-assembly, and of course, they stopped us, and I just feel a lot of it, an agent in order to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege by my looks, not by what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 black young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times would I stand up? And when, when do I go?
By researching for this talk, I learned that five percent of the girls in 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent to the 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin, and you have the bigger hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative, ingenious and passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the bigger hair, will be happier.
They just have to get together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the more completely on the fashion -- but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to stop from this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was higher enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos -- and I wasn't me who I pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, or states, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them put them out of random.
My story starts when I find myself in New York City to give a potential, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five percent.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes right now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take wisdom to New York City in a paradox trip and continue the ritual of the ritual?
So here is when we started asking the tourist to happen that they would get us to get the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of bringing the camera to a whole stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever had the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much we would change life this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking down, when suddenly, he stopped in dry and pointed out a red tunnel of the grocery store, which was a little bit in previous visit.
And he described what had felt at the age of five years in that same place.
He thought he remembered his heart beating in force when I first saw that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because he's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you can't go close to somebody and ask them, "Did you take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The barrels are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press.
It also has been associated with Disney laughter as a mental characters, silly characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press and allegiance and choices these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson's participation.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment.  The paralyzes don't help prevent disease spread.
They are hardly moving.   They're far away from extinct.  And my favorite, the barrels have better presence.   There are two types of barriers on this planet.
There are the business of the New World who are mostly found in America, like the corners and the characters and the old World Bush business, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the back important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
These are our natural trash records.
They clean the dead into the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them would spread and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no burst, the carcasses take three to four times more time to discover, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The barriers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Neuroscient was the symbol of the prototype and the maternity and along with the coal, they selected the unit between the High and the United Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology -- Jane was the autistic god. And he risked his life to save the Step God of the 10-year-old devil Ranger.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important energy entrepreneurs in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these barriers provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the back?
We have eight species of barriers in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened extinction.
The reason is that they're being encouraged, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. The physical communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the barrels are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of barriers are in the cross-section critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey of livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dickerson.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Since there are no burst, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in serious candidates, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for radio. The number of cases of Arabic has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa, 33 airports are going to be up to the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In West Africa, there is a horrible trade trade to serve the short and the fatal market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to be anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the back, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help? It can be active -- it can make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very understandable creatures, donate their time to spread the word. Disturb the word.
When they come out of this room, you'll be informed on the back, but they talk to your families, with your children, with their neighbors on the back.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no spending of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1975 to 1977. I read young --  I was working in Zambia, Kenya, Mars of Maria, Algeria, Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in Africa.
And I was paradoxically.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we added it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "We "Finder "Commandment -- was a project where some Italians decided to teach Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zemother River, and we teach local local to grow Italian tomatoes and horses and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't get them.  We were amazed that the local ones, in so fragile valley, they had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just at time to save people from Zambia of the Hamboan."
And of course, everything in Africa has been beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato grew up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the sharing, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were nice, brown and red, from the night to the morning, about 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the sharing, "Oh my God, we have them hyperbered."
And the shreaths said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked you."
I thought we were just the Italians eating mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did -- what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave you to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hey Death from Tamiflues Moon, economist ship.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
They just read your book.
Call it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperatives, community missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we sponsor them, or we are patenting.
The two words come from the Latin root package, which means "a father."
But they mean two different things.
Patient, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my sons, "I want you a lot.
Pathway, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white people in Africa are called "Baby" -- head.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The little "Thing is beautiful, written by Schum, who said for all of the economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped -- the ones are alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, "We can -- can you imagine a city that isn't newspaper?
I decided at 27 years old, I used to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything, you never start any one, but it becomes a service of local passion, the range of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee coffee. We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we hear them, but not community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never assisted, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have identified it.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business, which is established with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living.
I started this as a test in Spain, the city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this condom garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to see me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
I stand up and listened to you."  So then the government says, "I do it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Rachine, one of the greatest business advantages in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Rackyat was a philosophy professor before he was involved in business, and this is what Peter Rackyat says, "Planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're going to rebuild Christopher without knowing what the most asteroid people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them consciousness, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then they'll happen, you will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
Which presentation you've been clapping this morning.
Local local people. That's what you've been clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture, we cut around, we transform them, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution for the green revolution. the universities forget?
Government? Forget.
They're going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that is in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in 1860, this group of people came together -- and they speculate this group to what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was united, New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and signals, if the population is kept growing up to this rate, to train the population from New York to the business, they would require six million horses and the manure produced for six million horses to be impossible to address.
They were already standing in standard.  And so in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that would look at New York life.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, they showed up 100 self-driving manufacturing, 1000.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely abstract, and there were very few scales, factories in parking places.
Debrealist, Michigan. Henry Ford Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them frequencies.
So you will not come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute and dedicated service service.
And then again, you will have to tell you the truth about entrepreneurs.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've research and looked at the 100 Chinese companies in the world Carnegie West, Edinburgs, Ford, all new companies, Google, Alhan.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: no one was started by one person.
I never have the word "me," but the word "We, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilitations, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in carbonates, in bars alongside their dedicated shoulders who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this epidemic, somebody who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
OK, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for somebody something?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People around us can help us in a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automobiles, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their applications?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes before the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots that give shadows to lovers and rockets and books for centuries and concept in a city.
There is a despair in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned U.S.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was suddenly and unexpected death.
I thought a lot about death and death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for time alive and time.
He gave clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I'm glad for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let it catch through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard, and I painted on her phrases to fill, before I die ...
So the trains could take a tragedy, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment, but the next day the wall was replaced and still covered.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be judged by prostitution?  Before I died, I want to sit in the lines of fate change.
Before I died, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I died, I want to plant a tree.
Before I died, I want to live outside the network."
Before I died, I want to hug it once again."
Before I died, I want to go to the rescue of somebody something."
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh at back, and they took me down, and they gave me a hard time in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scale ways -- it's about giving the reflection and collection, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and changes.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit, and now they have been made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us can't only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I would like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Reem is 22 years old, it's high and very glass.
It doesn't talk about, but it takes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Red knows what love is.
You share it in addition to what happens.
It's not a great. It doesn't look at the skin color.
They don't care about the religious differences and you think about it: it never has any sense.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to provide words of the ones that I could not even meet me, I remember one thing: I just kind of know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very hot.
It puts the most unpredictable.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year in which every single songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make paper in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gagague.
Don't you look amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of the normal society, often they're ignored and understanding.
But what you push my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those familiar families with the term autonomously, it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it manages a different way, from there that Remonute is so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and although it's one of the disorders of development that rapidly increases in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I recorded a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and laughed in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars on row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that was in between.
As he grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the brights, frustration and international hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that there was never mind.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
Normal happens by the beauty of the beauty that gives us the differences, and the fact that being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Redwood and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a day? Every one of us has a gift in their inner and, honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change dies at the moment where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that must have been Alice in the Marineseless country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher who gave a class of communication to engineering students.
I was scared --  Andrown. And I scared of these students with their great minds, their big books and their big words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the horse of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I felt like I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication.
We need desperately a big communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please give us simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that the science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer us, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that they study the traditions, but they study the traditionals, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat observations.
And when they're describing their science, carefully with jargon.
German is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature, but why not say space and time," which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as you can do it.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without eating the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of decline and excited about their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the base signs."
You have wondered why they call backstones?  What do the balls do? The bullet kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it is supported too much in the area of the language of our brain and it opens us.
Instead, this example of example from General Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the traditions is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Toronto.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legitimate, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and next, provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others we open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they solve this equation, all the media -- let me give you simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of the Oxford English dictionary is a self-assembly.
Just because it sounds very good.
And "I would seek unprecedented politics.
Even though there was a 19th century journalistic editor that defined a lot better when he said, "A substance is the one who seeks a public charge without matter participation, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the best use of a metaphorical vertical monkey.
I have no idea what it means restoration."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1775 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that they said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all this was thanks to the courage of a guy with Brazil Brazil named Brazil Cross, who was faced with Parkinson's name.
He got them on the London Tower and they were incarcerated by it, but it had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase "Blank beautiful set of strike?
Most of you think it's literal stuff.
It's not. It's because of the freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America right after the independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have familiar.
Some of them wanted to call it "Washington "The State" and others, "Your Alice George Washington," and other Defense Freedom Freedom Freedom Freedom Freedom Freedom.
Not very attractive.
Some people just wanted to call it "The "Tree."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with it, they were monitoring, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain time.
And it might have been serious.
Everybody gets tired in the world, because this debate is projected for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sensor, and I always wrote, "I still have this topic.
What caused the portrait and the until the Reservation House was against the Senate.
The Reprocomas camera didn't want Washington to be confronted from power.
They didn't want to call it King in case he gave him or his dirty ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modern title, more inequality and more sincere that they were happening.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title of the title, but it just meant somebody who predicts a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term "character or substance."
There were presidents of small colonial health and government fractions but it was really an insectic title.
And that's why the Senate gets sick.
They said, "It's ridiculous. We can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meeting with foreign discussions."
"And who will you take a series with a title as ridiculous and insulin as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't read.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never been fully refrigerated the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting 233 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave with you, is that the U.S. President of the United States doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disappear, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of airline and so on.
Reality and history have donated the title of gravity.
So at the end of the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the synthesizer appearance -- well, it was a security for then.
But you know how many nations do you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate Senate and the Republic of Represents lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality of the work is a lot more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the route of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that chip of manual domain and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other people, I carry a hot light of white light back to the head with this advertising electronics, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I was restaurant my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days earlier, who lost the control and fell up intelligent meters in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep part of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Cuba Peace Vancouver Peace.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a French French integrate, the Spanish, an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not to such a grade.
When we finished talking to me, I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this attractive of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a subject of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of French the Spanish and offer my help.
It started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, ventilated the dirty ones.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the entire treatment of transitional slave slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations by four dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been engaged with false education promises and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under violence and can't escape.
Today slavery operates in the trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those are disappeared.
slavery exists in almost everybody and, yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal I met the brick hormones.
This weird and fundamental show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Danien hell.
Immerilated in a temperature of 54 degrees C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families in a heavy dust of dust -- mechanically pollution in their heads -- to 18 at the time, and they take them from the hormones to the trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Destroying for the monkey and the consciousness work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe deconstruction made you pee quite intrigued.
So personalized were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the abstract that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to rely on French the Spanish and work within the system for their release, and I trusted that they would get it.
As much as I me, I hope to get home to feel my heart disappeared.
In the Himalayas -- I found children taking rocks for miles for metropolitan land to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than children who carry them and kids would hold them into their heads with carbon carbs made out of sticks and strings and shapes.
It's hard to get something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insulin, but so obsolete?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been that whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers picked up their freedom, the skeptics burn their homes.
When I heard the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness, I was advised that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Kathenba they took me women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few angle stages that gave this dirty basement, of faint light.
It wasn't exactly a blood.
It was a restaurant.
Resulting -- as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the screens -- women with their girls and children, some of them just seven years -- are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each place is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a dive and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
On the bright, I remember being a fear acute fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what must be trapped in that hell.
I just had a silence, the stairs.
There were no doors.
There were no big enough windows like to translate.
Those people don't have scanner, and since we play a subject that hard, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens to be doubled, but we don't see it.
Textures are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black are the father, the blue and red tents of their children.
They mix tensions in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the tissue is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom? They said.
"We still hope, yet you can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our job really paid us.
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volan, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I was going to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense not?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trafficked families and disappeared and forced to work with extinct sounds in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shaped, it feared that his little canoe was shocked.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches of the surface trees in Lake Volan often attract networks and children, fascinated and fear, are thrown into the water to drop the branches down.
Many of them are drowning out.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, as a whole life has been treated with crowd, it's mostly treating younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were lifted up the last few networks, but they had been working from a one.
I was at night cold and sale.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosobran.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where Earth The Spanish resisted the victims of slavery.
Kofi symmetries the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Sorry about a road in Ghana with the Spanish partners of French -- the Spanish and an abstract company with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and overwhelmed our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it by a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then I pointed out this very visible seed and he said, "This is the way, this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took the streams that blocked the path and after walking close to an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photos team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the next path ended up building in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit on a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
Many women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in poison waters with market.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a pole in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were locked in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes, irritated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The pits have about 90 feet and these people carry heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they would carve the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong men and visitors, but if we look closer, we see other lucky ones and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the entrepreneur in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying their uncle, Manuary inherit the debt of the uncle that forces him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the minerals 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so severe that doctors said it should be amazed.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not even that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dream about being released and educated with local activists like French The Spaces, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me so much respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will get testimony of them and we'll do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines. They're from people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that happens that I don't think of these beautiful people, balled, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, people like you, and I hope that that force fires a fire and that that fire shine light on slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied and there's a peculiar problem for who you do, we're like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try and tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They defend us the variables of the whale and the called --  that we will see later.
But the ballet demand an extraordinary degree of training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial altitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson's based on gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Stanford who, at his time, was a virtual ballet dance.
Over the past few years, a lot has been progress in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and the temples, ridiculous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and perfect certificate of it.
But it's frustrating that for the Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological test of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves?
It wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try to try it, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jane Stanford.
This is a video of vocal strings vibration.
It shows somebody who is healthy as you get sounds to speak, and we can imagine as a vocabulary of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound and we all have the genes necessary. The Facebook, for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time he takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal cords as they vibrate and as well as Parkinson's impacts the extremes, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom, you can see an example of archive shape from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
To a vocal temperature, weakness and ridiculous.
The speech becomes more quiet and specialized after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the voice based on voice is not specialized.
I mean, they can be curious.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are the minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something happens to be so low, it comes up at a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not do to go to the clinic for the routine champion.
With high frequency monitor, we could get objective data.
We could do massively low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, fossil checks at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first bioluminescent biomass before it's too late.
So when you give the first few steps in that sense, we're launching the Voice-change Voicelist.
Together to Actor and Pakistan, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Whatever or without Parkinson's, it can be called low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Map, taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you take from these samples?
Max Little -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you've got to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limitation factors in search for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thailand, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: November and nine, well, it's a better.
MT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographs in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the models that are thin even more disease, the perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible and criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hanson Volands, he was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to office.
It's a little fishing town located in the predator of Idaho of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The regional water level reached over 24 feet of height, and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take strands of the channels and the sands.
We cleaned up schools. We take the slime and we leave the list of ready to be renewable and rehabilitation.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, standing, standing from local factory.
We sat down and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers and the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Stage cards.
They all did the same thing.
Could pick them up and take them to different places of the people around to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As they had the wave, and to save your lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
I helped clean up the common bathrooms the huge, giant gardens.
This place turned out to be in addition to the place of the village where the production center collect the photos.
And they carried them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until it was traveling my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of them who had over a hundred years -- some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that range and repair that range, and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I went into Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to check the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too strong, but where the water had declared the face of the girl should be fixed with a lot of accuracy and representation.
In other ways, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the professional picture.
Over time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more responsibilities so that I came up again on Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rethinis, a neighbor town north of Aimbran.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to pick up their photos.
The time they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the professional of photos.
I could spend an hour. I could spend weeks.
I could play months.
This civilization had to draw virtually by using the guide of the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even oil -- all of it along with the time of time to destroy them, so cleaning it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't answer the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with the hand of the hand.
We have the guide of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to give even more photos as well.
As Window, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had begun to clean them up, but he stopped when he realized that he was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in one photo and play the full picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found photos in a bomb station between the scales far away from where their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the encouraging to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the sisters were survived.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her photographs his son under 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could come back to look, something that I could remember from the past that had not been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us to clean up over 135,000 photographs --  -- the vast majority of them went back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us to go back to 90 families of totally restricted and respectfully processed.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the printers for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take out, but the first thing we would take to look for.
This is what the project was, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the resources.
Some of them connected to something bigger connected to something larger to go back, using their talent for something that are not thin models of perfect skin.
So I would just like to read this email -- I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was restoring, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, met me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter just born, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
He said Edgendent inspires us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph, the female -- a new technique so fast that it can create video in slow camera in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rooms, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn into a second one of a second or so, in several fertilizers to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that bullet -- travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If you take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you spread those pictures inside this bottle, right?
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember, that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanomator is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke didn't look at this research.  And they have a lot of things in this movie, to give this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a photo package that starts to turn it up, and inside, it starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes down, goes on the table, and we started to see these and the colliding.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top of the bottle, you see the bottom of the bottle, after several blocks -- that the reflections are focused on.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and make it cut the same distance and we see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much do you think that would take us to see that movie film?
A week? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  from a move move in motion.
And what about testing with nature dead?
You can see the waves that would be put out of the table, the tomato and the bottom wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way that nature paints a picture, thought, of a fragility at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you realize that, as the light would be made out of the tomatoes -- it's still brilliant. It's not doubled.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces into its inner and it comes back and forth from several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this female is in his mobile phone, you can go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at the MIT."
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it gets very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so you just get some light.
We sent that bullet -- that package of photons and millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very strong sync -- we took those diagrams of data, and we took them computers to create those feminists that I showed you.
We can take all of these raw data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a sustainable future would allow him to see after the rooms?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, retreat, go into the room, is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bloods.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a manifestation and we'll remove the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our female has unique skills.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what the point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture of brain, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will we bring them together and try to analyze the multiple lines of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collision with what's back to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build engineers able to see the inside of the body streaming offices, and the same for cardiovasculars.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about framework as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just as Dr. Edgendence, he was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of profitable photographs.
And I realized that all the gigabils of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be there.
I will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves -- remember, time between each of those waves is just a few billions of seconds.
But here's something funny as well.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid -- these are coming away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion here.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to South Idaho and make it famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a chimpanzee of 1984 and live in Berlin City.
So let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protest in search for change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are meeting that protecting a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Get them.
Raise your mobile phone, send them to them.
Get them up. One Android, a Blackberry guy.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 light lines of information.
Data in gross data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The Department of Detail Research.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every single provider of the entire Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who he sends an email to who he sends an email to.
Who sends a text to who he is.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in your phone company or its Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data retrofit.
We want the self-designers in the digital age, and we don't want the carriers and the Internet providers store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists -- they all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Library, not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2.0 ...
The State was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
So can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Professor Telescope, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, which please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Professor Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they sent me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the inviting for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this faith on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Trade and five thousand top lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scale. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So, next to Ze Olympic and Open Data City did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom back and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Frank in train to Colovian, and how often I call the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one another, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stan would have known who involved in this protest, and if the Stan would have known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The early Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in fact, not the entire Hunter Curator.
Because today state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the approach and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for appropriation.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not passed away.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information is stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you to remember that you have to fight for the self-designers in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDGlobal, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDGlobal, what happens?
My name is Massin Ze and I'm not a street, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, supporting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I tend all the time.
Look at.
It's altered. I'm like a Shanghai mixture of Shanghai.
and Muhammad Allender.
P. C is not genetics.
It's not contact and you can't get in.
No one was made out of my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source, and I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disappeared.
We go from walk.
Christmas vegetables, you're in the shopping center, drive in circles in looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disappearing.
And they think, "God, I can be at least a little disappeared?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C is just one of them.
Out of the optimism of the oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm paleontologist, Muslim woman, worship and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Cliff, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same starts.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with cerebral palsy, they don't walk, but my parents don't believe in "not the case."
My father's mantra was, "You can go and dance scan."
If my three older sisters clean up, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I would also be, and if we didn't save all the maximum notes, we all got the shoe of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my heel on his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to put a dollar in front of me so that I would keep it.
The stratosphere I carried inside was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a forest camera that has received a lot of hairs.
When I grew up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use Muslims as a campaign lamp.
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the ramp.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I'm going to take away from the dawn.
Bath captured in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with taxonomics, or I can walk with taxonels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a chip, so if my friends were using taxes, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go away.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madoon.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to save me, so I drank milk milk on my back, put me up in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Work, it works."
But the miraculous cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I was making yoga it was a standard of strategy that I couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I was in all the cars.
It was like the master lunch of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I put the maximum note in my classroom, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zone, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bath very slowly in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain parasites.
I was a girl with brain parasites.
So I started screaming at four winds, "The end will have a role.
I have brain paradigms."
At the end of the free? The fine free."
Thanks to God, I am a free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him Shery Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask her why and she told me that they would not make the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do risk stunts either.
It was a role that I literally had born and gave it to an actress without brain parasites.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a serious history of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated home, I went home, and my first act was kind of extra in a television.
My dream became true.
And he knew it would be a a of "completely "arm "make "many "graduate friends?
Instead, I was there as a vase -- I didn't look more than the news, and it was obvious to me that the department directors didn't hire grandmother actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there was exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whole Goldberg -- Bart, Albert, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercial.
So I became humor.
And in my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when he fell in the realization that I was going to high speed by the highway of New Jersey with a driver that had brain parasites.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no silence.
Some people say I'm the first monitoring of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little demographic rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Festival of New York City in New York City, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the American in the media and at the same time remind the distribute directors that South America and Arab are not similar.
Interesting Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma stigma.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was like, I was invited by cable news program.
I walked in as if I went to a graduate dance, dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chip?
She looked at me and said, "I said, "I say, "I say, "I say, "I said, "I say, "I said, "I say, "I said, "I say, "I said, "I say, "I said, "I say, "I "I mean, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk not to go out of the screen during the segment during the segment and when I finished the interview, I was pleased.
I had my opportunity and decline. I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not just Mr. Oblong went back to me, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oblon was that people on the Internet are school.
The kids are said that kids are cruel but they never came out of me or a girl or a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a book object.
I look at clips online with comments like, "Why is it it that was?
"Is it breaking?
And my favorite, poor stroke terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my curiosity, a garden, community, paralyze.
Discovery is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Bell, then Bell can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disappoints are the -- yeah, closer, man. Come on.
The disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most sustainable in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I don't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My total journey has taken me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floating by the slide of the Sunday Louis and the flack Lordy Arbs.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandy and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mathematics.
And I remember the world for "The Arabs have become crazy.
I was delivered in a great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massin," a beneficial organization to give kids refugee the Palestinian refugee a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I gave him this talk to his memory.
"People were performed in peace, dad."
My name is Massin Zeahan, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little bit of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town to the South Somalia.
This village is near Modale.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the starvation.
No to him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Modaliti, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a city in the city outside of Modale.
After maybe a year translated, nothing.
A day is about a gentleman who offers to take it to lunch, after dinner, to destroy.
He knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to his family.
They present to a young man.
And eventually it home.
It starts a new life.
It has an objective of life.
A beautiful day in Modaler, under a blue sky, it bursts a car bomb.
That little boy of that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Sahara, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him insulting?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he arrived.
This was the first thing that comes out of what we call "the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the marginalized, young urban urban people who are destroyed in Johnson, described riots in London, looking for something beyond the "period of waiting."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the "pressure of waiting for the article of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang to be the story of the cities.
And in my hometown of birth, Moderative, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Movember last month, and I went to visit the Madona hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of the hospital that I was thinking, and if I would never have gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of wait?
Would it have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Moarte that month was actually to fit up a few juvenile leaders in a corporate curiosity.
It's about 90 same Somali leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the great challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Modaler, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he said to me, that because he was a graduate college -- unexpected, frustrated, was the perfect white block for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Modale, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And they saw an opportunity and it appeared.
A motorcycle company.
He started by taking math with local residents who normally couldn't afford them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is somewhere to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the periphery of waiting."
I ask young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mommary, a flower.
I was helping me to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Modale has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- we were the plastic sent from the wild.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers.
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Modaler, and he began to grow TV and literature, which he said, could survive the Moase climate of Moarte.
And it started the flow of flowers for weights, creating gardens in the homes, and the cities in the city, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park in Modal in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Modali.
It wants to create a space where families -- the young people, you can go together, and like he says, smell the proverbial rooms.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be companies of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They devised business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create an entrepreneurial spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in the development and put out of their businesses.
They connect young people with the resources they need, they provide the support they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
Adam hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paradigm of the waiting party."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they go up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of peace than curiosity and periods."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adamanton mountains, an area of the north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest contained.
The sun made the leaves shine as a virtual, and not to be the way we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to weigh that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a corn in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the cortex there was a shower, about four square meters with apple hearts put out of aluminum paper balls, and old calculated.
And I was advanced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy enough to pull out what they had made, who thought he was going to clean their lane?
That question went on with me, and it's just a little bit simple.
Who cleans our barrier?
No matter how organization or where they put the ours, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York City, the Department of Canada clean our garbage -- as a result of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their troops and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but I was still an intrigue.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And he operated the mechanical scales and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as promised as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one was used quickly.
It costs a lot to use the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies still come up with the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Lab Statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous occupations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about what the garbage is.
When you go out of the course and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a responsibility or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste recovers are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
These are the first projects of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in an efficient and effective way every day, this starts to break out of your contacts and their incredible dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of how old we don't have space for what the engine engines start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointed out your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed daily deal.
And I mean just to the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We don't usually worry about it, and we don't repair or let's take our cup of coffee, our bathroom bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know there is a job force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today, I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and include it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost limited.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know how to wait.
And his work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us left by ourselves, from our own waste, our destination, and that flow always must stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a residential collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as I did all the microphones.
And I tried to thank her for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assistant, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
Music waste, what we think when we talk about land, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of his days and his lives, the next one who sees someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of various stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abedan.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of it."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystal gains heat in the inside of the interior, so it's necessary a lot of cooling control.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And third, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis training from a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it really was compared to the old market that is this structure at the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small sellers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, putting all the inputs in the building.
And this is spread with an incomplete attribute that creates an open air space in the building that is supported, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a pandemic of hormone with performances to allow the air input and also the light, but in a leaked way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful sounds of the Ethiopian sets.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little preferent pieces that are windows that let the air pass and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is compared to these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the state of the commercial center, because eventually there were more local people to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy sulfide for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these patches on the roof, which in contrast collect water for the instructions of the inside.
It's expected to start the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project that is so big, the biggest one I ever designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozens of access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians of it.
And it also responds to local rules that make a greater density on higher levels and a smaller density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to return to the community that space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can come up, and they can activity and social activities like running a career of two miles a morning, or jumping from a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes the communities and local economies at the same pace that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and the environment and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was as remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of hair, very bright hair, and a small set of passages, long. It was strong for the capital capital, very good for program.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I got a time after the school coming out of school. I was a bit late and I hid in the girls of girls.
When the coast was stripped out, I went out in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher on the back of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just some of those.
All of the State.  And I went back to the book to the card, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a string, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows from D and myself a row of So, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was obviously obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I gave me the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for programming.
I was intrigued by chairs.
They're so mysterious and so personalized.
We know babies suffer from chairs.
Also, the primates. primary.
We know that cells are the number one cause of songs in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that takes the loneliness or the long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the cells are studied in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Hello that ideal, there would be no Origos."
There would be no celestial king or "The thousands and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear.
No cells, there's no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, it almost has all of them.
This year is 100 years old of his master work, "In pursuit of loss time -- the most demanding study of sexual skin and also the ordinary compassion, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the sensory details -- right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a humiliating mosque on your washing magazine.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia World said were as hard as a cat trip.
I don't know what the cat of cat is, but we assume it's super.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the skies and Projects.
Is it going to be very obvious as the chairs, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impacts, are a really solid narrative basis?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel chairs.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and audience, we know exactly what details will rise, to raise the knife right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Project understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single fresh love that Sweden detects in his lover -- he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sweden and Project, they were notoriously cell.
You know, Proust novels would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so color to recognize it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are advanced.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells like?
The cells are nurturing about information.
The cells use the details.
The clubs like the great amounts of bright hair and the cute and little struggle of packages.
The hairs are nurtured from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Project linked the language of the active language.
When Sanama is in his skin angel, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover, then they define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is regular, but it's not different than an old text interpretation or looking at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Project is trying to prove that the cells look intelligent and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to the Project consider, the more painful the truth gets, the better.
pain, humiliation, loss. These were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a range of a much deeper and more vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women, right?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at such a perfect intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very small young man who is consumed with the idea that his woman was driving it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife was doing.
Well, she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under support without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing counts, involuntary behavior.
Does it smile too much? Or you have accidentally broken with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the consumer of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become the resident of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal actions.
The cells drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I know it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael of 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which he was sent messages to itself, and the horrible self for a year.
For a year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former bond, I have to confess that when or this, reacted with administration.
Because we are realistic.
How huge, although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novelty.
Like a Patholic High novel.
Historian is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the Australia author at a Tree," and "The Taliban San Rick" -- Rick, books that treat how the chairs trust our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punch in an instant.
Let's take Tom Richard, her most famous character.
Tom Rick is going to love or want what you have to take care of you and to get rid of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, and it responds to your name, take your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Richard route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I would like.
It's a signal, because we live in time.
We live in times of chairs.
I mean, we're good citizens from social media, where is the environment the environment? Right?
The novels show us the silk? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not safe, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to 212 from Baker Street and ask by Shery Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the curse of the March Professor, that criminal genius.
But I always prefer the Lesterland Institute, the head face of Root Adam of Root Yarese who needs Hollywood desperately needs Hollywood genius, but it bothers it.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs its help, but the restaurant and the bubble in the middle of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Sing Natures of the Sixth Natures," once Hollywood comes in, he shoots all of them with his solution, Leson comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not closed, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells you that there's no person in Scott Schudorphon that I wouldn't want to hold your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood transparent in history. I find this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat cells like a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they are the same side.
Suddenly Leson is allowed to admire that idea of being him the respect.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are actually a geometry of geometry, just a question of where we are allowed to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to go back from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the engineering plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fishing fiction of the chairs.
The fiction used the dominants, I invite you to the table.
And look at what it closes? The profit Lesterland, the terrifying Tom Richard, the crazy Swiss, the very very Mars Project.
We're in great company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and he went down on the March of The Training.
Armstrong and Audience were alone, but their presence in the Moon surface gray was the culmination of a continuous collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doaa walked on his surface, which Arabic after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of back, 380 pounds of old rocks and something that the 24 would explore later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1960 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why is the Moon.
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain to scale.
35 years ago, why will you fly about Atlantic?
Why is it playing Rick against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pot: For the contexts, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the East War.
In the time, the most strong emotion was to be able to get it to the worth of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological transmission.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated and electronics are electronics.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Hopology in 1970 called accelerating force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10, and the optimism of the technology about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be interpreted results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 age.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he didn't look at the called Saturn Saturn rocket.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard that for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies would have distract us and have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sale selling.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel were funded in, Microsoft, Apple and Geneva.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investment, money investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CEOs have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and which development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are things more important than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Now, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and block -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the banking.
We want alternative sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policy and international treaties include the development of an alternative energy, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we will see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for the time that famines are result of failure in the food department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that catastrophic food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for food and food repair -- but there will be females as bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will tell cancer war in 1979, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population must want to solve the problem: the institutions have to support the solution, it must really be about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those circles.
But it's a model that is reduced in the future.
We're not in 1969.
There is no sandard competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who has the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't love challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become the cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal. We should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the recovery and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
So first of all, I said, why do people think trust has displayed?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I tend to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has disappeared.
When you look at the polls of opinion over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were resistant 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same recent.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago, they're still quite conflict. conflict.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this evidence enough?
What opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you recommend?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Do you trust the policies? trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you trust the very very?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the elementary teachers.
You're probably going to start by asking, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust some of them, but in other notions."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to unlock trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel about a certain kind of office, and it works or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the class of reading but in any way to drive the school microscopes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of how trust is different, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to forget the good inherent judgment to trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would be pursuing for.
I would try to have more confidence in what is deserve to trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who pop their savings with the very quickly named Mr. Madabi, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It trusted department or denied in intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about to make a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest and then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're obvious.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say I think I don't have many friends who are competent, and responsible but extremely desperately.
If it's so, I still haven't been represented yet.
But that's what we're looking for, reliable before it trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build account systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will attend the part in it."
And we found the same problem in all our public lives, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure reliable and trust testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to tell the work of people who have to do difficult tasks, like the particles, to tell them that they make the catches -- as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness. And that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we're going to translate to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are training worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what you don't do properly.
Third, the task.
It will call the task rebuilding trust, it puts things to the other.
You suggest you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust is different because we give it other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give you enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually all the people, all the time.
But you also have to give you some kind of female evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, do the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them to no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing about is not something very difficult to discover.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of screen where imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
So first of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong optimism against the screen will transfer its physical body to precision.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the divide of Microsoft Science Specialists, along with my mentor Cameron Bolivia, he redefined the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with death cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is just as easy as grab a book of a shelf.
You can bend the book and restore lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is under every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and bring things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an online protein on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Isaac, and my collaborator Reinder Poet, we created this only physical pixel here.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer and the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarity, what we did was link gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical access and detectors and detectors
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and replace and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach you physically, and at the distance and the famous test of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets of the planets, the physics, and unlike the monitor or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to get rid of our world.
So we started talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a little girl for two years in Humbe, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer me to a school for athletes with all expenses with them.
But my mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a certificate path to happiness, a safe and good job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer here.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start to train from very young people to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I until I wrote to the director of school and the present of a radio program.
But no adult gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I used to look for another calling.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
(Most "Companies?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
The Good Earth is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not provided convenient. You understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany. Honestly "Love your father and your mother."
"Hometown, I said, "It's so different, and much better than observing."
So it became my tool to come out of this confusion of confusion and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my computer reading habit.
I gave a lot of perspectives.
For example, in the beginning, this map seemed to me of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassionate reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people "Beneduls Franklin from Walter School John Adams" who were involved in the same case, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politicians and spiritual spaces.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological -- lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"And "The California Train Tasmania," Thomas Media Camera "The Cattle of The Tall San Darwin instead of losing in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "happy family fast?
And "I have "a "Congoletter in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to go back alone or important.
Having a dead dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a devoted dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berkeley clinical psychology.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using cats and a hole high soldier, threw on the couch of my office got off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt that really slightly.
My class of class had a penguin as a first client.
And I got a feeling I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the joke stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we went back the solution.
"The translates are the new senses," Alexander, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working after that, you start to work after, you have kids later, until death goes later.
And for silents like Alex and I had a time of problem.
But shortly after that, my supercomputer pressure me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was laughing.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under his category -- it takes place with a hollow head -- but it's not like to marry him."
And then my suggestion said, "Not yet, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best time to work in the American marriage is before it has married.
This is what psychologists call a "mathematically point."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20s.
Yes, people feel head after what was used from what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of the Alex being a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of the Alex being the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem and he had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life but for the careers, the families and the future of silences everywhere.
There are 50 million sentences in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one to get to adulthood without spending before the 20s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the seeds here.
Oh, yeah. They're incredible.
If you work with sentences, you love a sentence, I remove the dream a sentence, I want to see -- it's fine. Incredible, the truth very important.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend at the age of 35 years.
This means eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "and moments that give their life form to have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
More than 40, they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final growth stage in their 20, and it's reproduced for adults, which means that if there is something you want to change yourself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20, than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 18, and things become complicated at the age of 30.
The 20 are the moment to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily life and common life has a dedicated impact in the person that will become a conversation.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the sentences are listening.
Princessions talk about changes in the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
The journalists are accumulating the ridiculous names as "The Titles and "committees."
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a creativity which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernando said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give you a single person in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and its ambition and nothing absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smartphones, interesting as you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are going to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curiosity the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the chair game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, it shuts the music, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who was standing on, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30."
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme. But it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of them to start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
A lot of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at 30 time.
The middle of the million military age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Notice you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trainess and a lot of a look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20s, "What was he doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emispoward.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but I still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a way.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our session, but then she woke up herself by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost all the hour.
I just bought a new book for director, and he had spent the entire morning filling up with his many contacts -- but then he stayed looking at the empty space that follows after the word "In case of emergency, please call me ...
I was on the history of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an automobile accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "My.
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decade of Emma was going on.
So over the next few weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all sensitive, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma that he would forget about that identity crisis and he got a capital of identity.
By identity capital, I mean doing something that add value to your person.
To do something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Email career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, that interest, from that company that you want to try to make.
I'm not decorating the exploration, I'm decorating the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's processing.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survivors.
The best friends are great to bring them to the airport, but the sentences that go together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who is going to go out almost comes from the nearest circle.
The new things come from what they call the weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the 20s have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and weak links are the way to control this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the head of your neighbor is the way to get a non-lethal job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know his friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a dress, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and shape his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel like 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person you live with now or tell you now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards high high is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose to you.
So what about Emiss?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that was working on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously conscious.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with sentences.
It's very easy to help you.
The sentences are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, which come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the resident, a slight bird in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fister.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good break, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the windows you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling sentences like Emma every day: Treatment is not the new 20, they pick up their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties.
You don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in the government consulting for a job that was even more exceptional, the documentary.
I went teaching mathematics to silver students in New York City public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied testing and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, they calculated the grades.
What struck me was that I.Q. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance did not have a station of stars of the states.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, difficult. proportions, the area of a parameter.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of document, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
It's the C, but what if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Point West Point.
We tried to predict what gas they would stay in the military training and who would retreat themselves.
We went to the Delan National Conference and we try to predict what children will move on as far as possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those of those who are the most effective to improve the outcomes of learning their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking yourself, which of these marketers are going to keep their job of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all these very different contexts emerged a characteristic like an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good look, physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was determination.
Detail is passion and persistence to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my detection questionnaires and then waited around a year to see who grew up.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when the computer in every characteristic I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence -- even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the Delan National Concept where the detection matters -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of leaving it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long time?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that just don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing performance in children is something called growth measure."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dogai, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Doghtu has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to stop when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where to finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to get worse, to start all again with the lessons that are learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as a daughter of a photographer, one of my most advanced memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an abroad, it seems to be as imperative as the Great Wall Wall China.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every single burden in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a fresh way, "Allender." I'm broken." This symbol is actually original of the form of call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to stay."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiplied.
If one person would stretch your arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jonas inside the whales.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the fields.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's a tongue."  Easy to remember, because a primary tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's breaking.
For us, sun is the source of prosperity.
Two alone together, present.
Three together, those are dishes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. You put a table inside the door, it's the door.
You put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Do you get somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, catching up, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together are adultered.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical people will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characteristics, which is the same as an eight year-old Chinese.
So after we knew the features, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a flag mountain. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in the east of China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile -- because Chinese emperor would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a silk.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad are the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magic together.
The movie dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand strategy.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantastic show of storytellers.
However, the Ozo magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took place for years later, curiously, another film whose proteins, a metal boy and a furry kid rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Gaze Gaze and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Mac Mac Machi.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, Doran, you're the save of Oz as the prophecy.
They use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated military crowds.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about Okay of Oz is that the most heroic characters and wise and even violin are women.
I started noticing this when I did this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child.
Of course, three years.
It was not invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had gone down.  And so he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mother standing with his patterns behind him, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would they be value, performance and light?
Would it have the sense that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the 1970 1970 Magazine.
How do you win Doran his movie?
By doing good magic with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world I want my kids to grow up Or, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much F, strength in the movies for our children, and so little of the yellow brick walk?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this star.
I know for experience that the Prince Prince didn't provide the right framework that I'd been served to navigate the world of adults who is microscope.  I think at the moment of the first kiss I really hoped that the credit will start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search is over, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they still there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on melting the vocabulary and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and to defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are, the guys, they're not really their goal.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Hemi and Kathens, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who are raising a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out of Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what criticism said when it came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them.
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beatment test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been rides and it's already proposed, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alisa Began is a comic cartoon drawing, and in the middle 1980s, he recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend about the assessment of movies that you saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done. In the movie, there's more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more apart from the guy than so much like --   Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Archie.
Right? Rums of Olympic -- a single single idea of the consensus of what a Hollywood movie is.
Virtually it doesn't happen the Beatment test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the records of the records.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the activists to take a look at the door and say, "Go to bed, care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female proteins?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number that is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or programmer are closely linked -- but a bad thing, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual agriculture.
Who are those guys, what are those guys?
What don't you get to learn.
They're associated with the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we associated with that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as to be powered, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to maintain their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of the crowd is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of home and the alarming paper.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what her favorite character was from Star Wars know what he responded?
Obama.
Obama Kenned and Global.
So what are these two in common?
Maybe it's not just brilliant dress sight.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films who know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which my son is telling my son, and he fights only and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team leading for women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the Ozza magic.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked the most was to look for strands of sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these comes.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that seeing with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nichtric.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look like this.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared information.
This is a place located in the eastern Atlantic Delta called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be brown out, but when we use infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and the activists of the ancient Egyptians and the activists of the former Egyptian many.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Titan, lost for thousands of years.
Third was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fair, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Tate was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, pointed inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge wing plan.
This area is enormous, it measures about six for four miles per mile.
Before, the Sun flowers right next to Tax, and as it changed over time, he moved into this and covered all the city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a painting, with the eyes sold and using baseball goods.
So we use NASA theoretical data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nichola flowers.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly fancy area that looks inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of Titan.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample workers, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the samples of the ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation skills.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible location of State, five meters down, we have a several hundred years of occupation from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think is Attace.
We also find workers of predator, community, house and category, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem to be not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that was given from the Middle Empire.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find State here, but let's go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire. I was probably written in Titan 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all vocations.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984.
It makes ideas really happen in 1984 to 1984 in a city lost not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine concerts in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's done.
Now you can visualize a group of obese news newspapers.
They're competing in a native native race and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're pulling strong, they're sungraphically, they're going out a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go through the side of the wheels that end up in the absurd places, pass the door threshold.
In the lobby, to the past, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shine on the Galane Monster.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them cloud in the nose.
You can smell the window cookie and you can go through that you're about to get into the mouth.
Walk on the side and enter your living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spaces.
He's with little clothes, dancing about his center message, singing "Hey "Hey Man Motor Orbit."
Now take me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a break of yellow bricks and from the oven to you Doran, the Hollywood man and the Leaders of Spanish Legos and Magic Law O" Los "The May of the hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Cambodia."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for it, I guess, that this was like the end of a subject.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of the order of a band back.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Well, what do you realize you were a sagger?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
I actually have a average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Chinese used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books."
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and E, who is a wonderful and brilliant English English English, even though a little bit exceptional, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spaces?
And I said, "What?" No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spaces how to memorize the order in a live banks base, on national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spaces, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something no?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year not just by training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's a sensory, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows you to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pete. He was based on the paper of Duke Hopoly in the movie Random Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, looking at phone guards, cellular.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Anthony and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and disciplined and crops was not such a weird thing as it can look today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last few places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so signal. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to be that it has brains in some way, structural or automatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorize numbers, faces and strangers of snow -- found that in memory champions they were climate parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used, or they seemed to be used, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is broken as an armed race where every year comes someone with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors have to put a day.
This is my friend Ben Park, three times camera memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 barriers of messy boys that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 445 random binary digits.
Yeah.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call "artificial computing."
It illustrates with an paradox known as the Bagarian paradox. Badless park says the following: I say to two people who remember the same word. I tell you you remember there's a man called Baker."
That's their film.
And then I ask them, "You remember there's a back page."
And when I come back later and ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you about doing a reason?
"You remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that her work was been been told to be based."
Same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually does not mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Back" -- we know pandemics.
They use white hats symbols.
They have room in hands.
They smell good when you go home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting accurate accountable assets to get them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the pallite of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simons who assisted a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring a DJ: It was hired to a poet.
He stood up with his memory poem, and he showed up, and so soon it was, the bank room is collapsed.
Tell everyone.
But not only killed everybody, but it shattered the bodies by giving them unconscious.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
And so you couldn't get the bodies out.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarities, standing outside, only survivor in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting every winter.
I took the family families by taking them to where their loved ones were in between the scales.
What Simons announced at that moment is something that we all know about -- or less intuitively, and that is that no matter whether we are not good to remember names or numbers of phone or instructions words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I ask you to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simon, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would argue that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the horse parallel horse in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and fold it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and funny, funny, strangers, and aware is the image, more inequality to be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first memory Treaty in Latin, in Latin, in it.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory, in the same way that Chicago would have done if you had invited it to TEDTalk if you had been invited by 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And you can imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and invisible image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inevitable competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Galapagos Monologue mounted on Mississip E.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spaces to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they walked into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for words, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical time.
In fact, the term "the type of the Greek, comes from the Greek "Toward God, which means "Pleasure."
It's a witness of when people thought about the orbit and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "In first place," it would be like the first place in your memory stick.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I was filled with it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extreme about this sub-Saharan memorial suburban.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is an extensive post-conflict event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem or the names of an ancient school anti-power bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertained.
I would have never expected it to be.
It was entertained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it actually is about doing is better and more able to create the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, combinations, providers, instances, advanced and excited in the eye of the mind.
I get pretty high with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory periodic experiment.
I thought this might be a good energy for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricklike.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be put to build metal sticks or memorize banks of banks to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The metal paleon -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't go through there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things do memory.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what Ella I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence for us to lose in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to being a human being in front of us, who walks on our side. We will be so honest that we don't even bother to process in deep?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person I remember remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from Ni. Jerusalem, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Line, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave to the living room.
And there all spent the data looking at the television. So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me. And every time I was shower and I went back into a towel and I would all see me.
And I was like this.
He was a track, and he was hated and hated it.
I hated that short, hated that box, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or division of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we make.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
And so, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what they explain to you, you think of power," "Station and democracy."
And I know that you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a dense that uses architects to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build. Interactions and governments, they always have a fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Leviathan Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- it has a cell -- it has this round thing, columns red, that let you come up with the Liberian tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we used the media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible for the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the piece.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the forms of life.
We put together and we push so much, that we get completely removed from people.
All of the black, this depressed us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transmission, so we start to experience again. We make the price back back and forth over and over again, and we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the crash call.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows -- in decline scale.
Something really hard.
So we get closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the finger back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we update them.
We added and we add tapes and we use new materials.
You love it.
We did not take it.
We take Charles arms and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be made out of middle grandparents.
The shapes were striked, they won in audacity and colorful ways.
The nurses became columns.
The starts grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the data in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be to meditation, to French or the Italian.
Maybe with a single single pair of bread.
This is what happens with position.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recreate memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toyota.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the price again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started to experiment with the so-called democracy.
We get rid of the historical symbols, now we have new design design techniques -- and we find ourselves with new composition, some ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super implant. You get totally exclusive.
Normally, the pick side of new in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gulf of Bilbao.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academic and public in general, they were completely agreement about a building.
The newspaper New York Times is hitting this miracle of microscope.
The tourism in Bilbao increased a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, the Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Supreme.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical forms, how is it possible to become obvious around the world?
And it happened, because the media got given around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, country with other star architects.
He went to Zaiza and Leaders, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be turbine.
Technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on the television, and at the end, we are all architectural photographers and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a lot of time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Brutaxi was not a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they wanted.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the hormone, steel or accelerator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the attitude to the media, it starts to get faster and faster, until it gets to be in both extremes -- almost in symbol, and it's effectively the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Pinestes in Fish Island, in the state of New York.
It's a vaccine community.
But that meant two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the way, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes you correctly with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those librarians in Liberia.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet to search for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's music.
Museums that can lead to the Lincoln mayor to the people in Libea, and tell them that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer the mysterious creatures that use grateful words and complicated drawings and you're not a disease audience that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
And architects can listen, and you don't let you go through architecture.
That means that the old side of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means the buildings of tomorrow will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Senate can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historic imitation of red brick in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because eventually we're going to be ready for ways that will produce.
That means that buildings are telling nature to nature and not the other way.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or play, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River of New York City, and to raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little baby of bright, as muscle and film as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
And architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and more intelligent and more amazing.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
They find an architect, put it together and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give up to the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year, and he started walking.
And it makes it that great, typical way of the children in a year, beautifully, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He goes down and chair, and it gives itself those big ones and sending.
It's beautiful.
Applied, all his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When do I do this?
How is it that we suddenly are not on our approach?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google, "Am I a feat?
This is Fall, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Denney.
And like any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and find.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody says it is ugly.
Between what his mom tells you and what his friends or school colleagues say, he doesn't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of herself -- he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a standard, "Am I a big or a feat?
Well, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so delivered, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal, rural teenager, who receives these answers in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you carrying them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today almost never are alone.
They are under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, saying, "I like "I love me, then sharing, publishing this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected to, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are increased.
This environment, of being always connected, is advancing our children to apply in the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manipulated digitally, digitally.
What is the most prominent thing in somebody's life in front of what's normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of the girls now.
(Click motors continue to dominate our candidates.
The technique of the artist is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Stick" -- high decade, wise and history.
For those who unknown, it means prosperonality.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people behave.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the super-endemic stars of sports, and the remote singers of the sport.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and be well-being individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities and their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a contradiction to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in the classroom, because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect of it.
One in five are not attending class at all.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see how good enough, specifically if you don't think you're a thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your fellow companies who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it gets independent from what these young young people do.
So, so that it gets clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really in.
The low self-esteem on its body is depositing academic performance.
And it's also describing health.
Technical adolescents do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more no healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're at greatest risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this that they make more risky decisions like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, dramatic surgery, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early and without protection and self-expressionalized damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preparing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of absorbent.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
And releasing this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, I don't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good problems -- without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that are following our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
And these six aspects are crucial party points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the risks in the issue, and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to talk about our politicians in charge of hair or the size of their chest, or to insist that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see it.
We can all start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, "When was the last time you lost a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities and as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up to value all their people, valuing individuals, diversity, including it.
We have to put the people who are really making the difference on a pedestrian.
By making a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see that they can never be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who are in mind?
Would your wife have?
Is her sister?
Do you have his daughter, right?
Do you show? A friend of me?
It could just be the woman who is about two different seats of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice in her inner voice, which was attacked by not having long legs -- more delicate monkeys, a more flat, smaller stop?
What would it mean for her if we would overcome this, and would we say risk to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all of us.
But let's take our kids to the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small trips in a year of today, become agents of secure change of themselves.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Elevation Roman went into a hotel in Manhattan and murder the Kahbeam Kahbeam leader, the leader of the Lead Defense Act.
To reconstruct it initially declared it, but being prisoners for other minor charges in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synthesizers and the headquarters of the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant information.
Sadly, the 1949 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid it.
Later Tony would be convicted by its participation in that attention.
Elevation Roman is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, primary school, between the two made all the possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims -- they get to know.
And by experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, you don't need a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are going on so dramatically to their convictions that they think you have to use all the means possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before he was arrested he sat up with me and explained that in the last few weekends, he and some friends had been going on on board training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came up with Carte Carte poster that, without knowing our group, was raped by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me hold the reflex in the shoulder, and he explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that shoots I gave to the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of us, especially me, all the objective goal in flames.
My uncle came back to others and in Arabic, he said, I am a share."
From such a father, such a child.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later, they would be convicted by putting a break with 700 pounds of explosions in the underground tower of the north tower of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and led to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "member? That means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood wasn't allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody else that was time to push and go to another city.
As it was always me, the new face of class was often victim of mice.
I was looking at secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but being the new of the class, quiet and regime, was enough monstersive.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it successfully. To grow under fantasy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I had to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program in which I participated in the National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the theme of juvenile violence, as I had been a motorcycle victim almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from diverse backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids we had made friendship, was Jewish.
It took several days to go out to light this detail and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and I was frankly feeling very proud of being able to see the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was infectious.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush, a fun park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
Every life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the homosexual were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most longer and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been accused by child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I could control the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homosexual, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Daily Shaheak."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intelligence, and I helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my website in a moment where I was desperately going to need it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extra extra, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking about, and she told me something that I would build in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough with endless packaging and said, "I'm tired of hate hand."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zach Earth.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decide to go out and put it into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to take the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path than even though I was connected to this violent and intractable ideology that I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, by terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism talking, against those acts without sense, like rejection to my father's actions.
So with this simple one here I'm proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-there movie.
It's in 3D and has sweat sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has arm, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood being projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a super-endemic voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your consciousness of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness of it.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious -- nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we consciously?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that are processing what we receive to produce outcomes without experiencing the individual movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective for nature.
Conservation, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, they put that vision.
Psychology was studying the behavior objectively -- neuroscience studied the brain objectively but never mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pandor said, "Now it's time for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correspondent.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain to the consciousness. The questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embarrassments, like traditions, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surgeries are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the employees operate -- how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of these are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the resident, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the autonomous that works. For a long time, I would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of explanations, great excited, we used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is kind of an animal, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how much how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that are initially going to seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's no such thing that is a difficult problem of consciousness.
All the idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so it's studied everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of pure reduced consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I go, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks. space, time and mass.
They have fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic stuff.
Instead, you think of fundamental ones, and then the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is allegiant.
In the 19th century, Mark discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- specific concepts, time, mass laws of Newton -- so I put the basic laws of electronics, and put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation we found with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of fundamental ideas, space time, mass time, charge -- then by logic question, you have to rent the list.
The most natural thing would be posters the consciousness itself as a fundamental side, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- the space, the time, the mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can estimate in a reserve.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can estimate in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called an animal, "Panel everywhere, participate by mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the microscopes, the flies -- even the microbes of Rob King -- the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a speaker can be full of distress when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the portables."
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective sensitivity, a primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anyone think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental stuff.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to be politically, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking about the physical process, is linked to consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Proposition of complex information, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscience, Gillian Tony took this kind of theory and developed it right with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which calls the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of picture, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration of information, which is equally significant, degree of pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the bombs, microbes particles, particles -- the degree of fish said.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a level of different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of chip, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that pandemic can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it's not talking about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, where does the fire come from?
From the mandatory vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of addict.
It's there in the center.
This vision, I think, the mandatory vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be income.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a panic and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think by thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact that consciousness but your importance and your complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samaria in the movie "Hello?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of panic information, she has a complicated information processing processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have a fairly serious ethical problem about the ethics of development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of turning them.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience at a TED Talk, at this moment we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least this is a question that should be taken seriously.
So this panic view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer to the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental than the second of the second, that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a serious theory of consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to go discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
It had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I was stuck with my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to have a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't really get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's paper, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Buddha Salmon Sanders and Dances Creet."
Yes, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of a high school in Melico alone, just after about 20 minutes in the class of 11 legal studies, a man raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give you your discovery?
I said, "What do I have?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diffusion for some good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheels are talking about inspiring things in school?"
"The general thing in the act of actors."
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects.
And we don't are. And it's not a blame of the guy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair of wheels, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to give you stated.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is a bad, bad, Mac Machine.
It's bad and living with a disability you make you exceptional.
It's not something bad and it doesn't make you exceptional.
And over the last few years, we've been able to provide even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible? In effect.
Or this one: Before I left it, I think about it.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the homeless girl drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child running with pieces of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately below a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we would think of the disappointment of the benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivated them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, by very bad it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person."
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been strange to me to express that they think I am brave or a source of inspiration and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is considerably.
These images, those images are considering people with disabilities.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term people disappeared, deliberately because I was surrounded by the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to think about how we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a fundamentalism.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it's not.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here booking the inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steve, are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a few barriers of barrier to collect the things that they fall down.  I learned the ingenious tricks of how to charge the mobile phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our dignity, but against a world that excites and costly us.
I really think that that lie that has been sold us about disability is the biggest instrument.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that is lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a climb of stairs has never been turned into a barrel.
Never --   smile to a television screen will not make the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and setting up a positive attitude to turn all those books into the broadcast.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching Buddha Salmon the Samanta Sandy Versive is not really considered anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so much low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in a high school in Melico is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
Discovery doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you think you can know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football.
And what is the average speed of a dominant dominance?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't describe it.
When people think about augmented reality, it thinks about Minister Republic: and in Tom Cross having the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen, because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I carry on, the Google Global Galleries.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 100 pounds man chasing us, trying to tell us with all its being.
I've been there, and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is to use under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NASA practice, because the idea of the NFOA of emerging technology is a submarine coming up on the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kleiner: Come on.
It's horrible to be called talented.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Klue, as you can see, is a test of what is being called the football field from the party perspective.
You'll have realized that it takes people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington.
Company marketing. Microsofts 54, Mathematics.
Blue eight, blue. 8, go!
Chris Klue, this is a little more of the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NASA.
Fantasies want that experience.
Fantasies want to be in the field, to be their favorite players and have asked me on YouTube and Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marriage.
Or a correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Right, which often many of you already know.
The Ocean Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting away from a catch with the arm before you run and make an attention? What will be the experience of a fan fan.
When can it be Mission running through the street, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Federal doing a sign in Williament?
What will your experience be when it descends from a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic skin?
Maybe you increase the sales of chips for adults.
But this is not really augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.J.
How do we get the augmented reality, R&A?
We're going to achieve the augmented reality when the contracts and the motors and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here is a brief record on the NASA technology.
In 1965, the Parkinson's powers put a memorize to his field marriage so it would play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NASA puts radio radio in the fields of the fields and then in the defenses of defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertained.
In 2003, imagine you're a player coming back to your group, and you see his next player shown in front of you, in a plastic glass that they carry on -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
I'm going to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react to react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate losing bits.
If you lose parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the cameras of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
Bad will have information surgery.
This will differentiate the good equipment.
So your team of computer will be as important as your recovery, and data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marriage.
You get the ball and back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flash on the left part of your bombsight gives you that a defense behind you are going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the U.K. system gives you.
Go to the protected area.
Another flash tells you that there's an open receiver.
You launch the ball, but you get apart.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, yet the receptor sees in his bombsight a grass area that lights up and can modify the race.
It's approved, it grabs the ball, running and announced.
The public and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
Fantasies want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
Reality has been part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circular, like our habitual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth of the sports lights.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it becomes less?
How much is it also for a Harvard Confusion or a Neil German Tony trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than 3D and Karachi notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years I was able to catch the southern end of the Mario County, which includes the Golden Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is known by their beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his inspired architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gallon Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Strawbers, chief chief engineer, to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is basically the proof of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probability."
But from its openness, over 1,000 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people think that travel between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, such that every single since it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down under cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every pound of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of which perceived vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally sit in the beautiful water, and then they reduce.
I don't think that those who fill this method of suicide are aware of the death of the death that they face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 paradox inches in the bridge.
This is where most people go to before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in your darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had successful that day to bring it back into the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officials as well.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garby.
I met him on July 22 last year when I received a call from a positive subjects sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a business of the Golden Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try to take suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- we asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology. Red, Ze created Panel, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panada, and she opened the box.
She came out players, penguins, and all sorts of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
You stopped a few moments, he leaned on the right, and he left.
This lovely and intelligent boy in New Jersey just took the life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collaborative damage damage affects a lot of people.
I asked you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved to be supervisore?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't discuss them, or you tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "Anyone in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life, have you had these thoughts?
To confront the person in front of them can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for despair, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, importantly, believe that there's nothing you can do about it: recent social insulation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he is with his permission and blessing that I read you.
"Hi, Kenya. I imagine you're in the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go foot to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty instantane, but I'm noticing more moments to really realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 1990s with his father on January 19.
I never got there.
I called the Peter police and reported it as a disappeared night.
In the next morning, two officers came to my house and report me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen it jump out from the bridge at the 1850s, in the late 1850s.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be typically too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It should not be that easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GPS, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a ceremony.
Good luck this week, Vicine.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and remember the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, it responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the side of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When I saw me, he immediately crossed the railing and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next hour and a half, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided that day to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that made you come back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear me.
They let me speak and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the Menota mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear Brights, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Sincere, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those heroic traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
In debt with you, Narratora Bernary."
And at the end she wrote, "Pan. When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you signed as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it.
Kenned is an active father and active father of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Supermarket is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is submissing with poison.
That act -- despite finishing their own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
Usually this is just three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
From those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, Kevin, I feel it, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge don't survive.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one who left the gang was realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can prevent it.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you don't are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- I am not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to talk about later, when I look at this picture, I think -- Gene, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, I am just beginning.
We all get rid of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of freedom, to get rid of the limitations of the skin or by the beliefs of the people around us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent, ignored my story.
I think this engine is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child at birth.
I remember my five years in Los Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to be able to approach.
The gender has always been considered an immune fact, but we now know that, actually, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never started sharing my story, not because I thought I will be a bad thing, but how the world is treating those of us who want to release them.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have a mom, dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the diamonds.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in Los Philips who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a construction beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty consequence?
He told me that if she was involved in the spending of the institution and the store costs, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, won in the gallon suit.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the displays, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go live to the United States.
I was laughing.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm divided.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "Do you know that if you move to America to change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I would put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgeries, sophisticated and secure.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before they change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the P.C." of female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means power to drive or can get a show, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly my fears were mining mining.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman by Man News.
A young woman in New York who was hardly alive his truth, but that, desperate, put in his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 of November we do a global video by the Commandment Communication of the Crossing.
I'm on this stage, because of a long history of people who fought and stood up to institution.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day there are no more video of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
For my support network, my parents especially, my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attending young women -- I have been oriented, and sometimes when I was called and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other times not. It's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all get a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that anguish anguish, and there should be a space that allows people to self-depressed, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transitional movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending their rights in 2007. And when he was shocked by their efforts in 2011, when he was carrying the National Prize of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of insulin, of inequality and violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child was born, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not wine, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother is very bored by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he consults and, with the hope of a child, when she shared his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the daughter just became born, when he grows up, he suffers too.
At the age of five years old, when I should go to school, you stay at home, and the school adds up to their siblings.
Until the age of 12 years, in a way, it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when he comes into adolescence, when he was 13 years old, he was banned to get out of his house without a male accident.
It's confined at four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honest call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honor of honor, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only affect the life of a woman, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the human assumptions.
And there's a norm more than the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very strong, very humble and very substantial.
It's the criteria.
The good girl model must be street.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, he has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be used of decline.
If you get very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it disabled.
And what happens next?
In the words of a poet -- "The house, you start it, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters to light.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he included the same lesson for his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues to continue.
You loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawis of Mathi, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malane."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admired her in my school.
You may wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?"
Yes, I must mention it.
You can do it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for life of girls.
In a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An adaptation to school means that it has entered the dreams of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was monitoring the Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the footprints of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and satisfaction of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to include them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've got all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for email.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the second call.
We loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called telephone.
That means a complete denial of women participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil, and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, and the girls were silent and the singing singers were silver.
They suffered millions, but a few of them talked about, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and support when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malaysia was lifted up and lifted down the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads like a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine of 2012, they shot it into the head.
I was a fantastic day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was debating between life and death, I would whisper to my wife to my wife, "I should blame my daughter for what happened to my daughter to your daughter.
And immediately he said, "Please don't blame you.
It defended the right cause.
They put your life in play for the cause of truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God will protect it.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't go back to ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and I had severe headaches and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my stunt smile and with the excitement in my face.
I'll get well. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and we get considered us.
You loved brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't finish his task.
You fight with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has been so audacious to Malawi so courageous and expressive and economics?
I tell you what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Mohamento group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge -- the visualization of Google X visualization, but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Are you just like intelligent or not?
If it's not going to be like this, can you be intelligent?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurosurgeons.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I will die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them done, to keep alive.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experiment of experimentation, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there is really no clear map that says it in detail.
I began to test with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my anthropologist, my sense of who I was me, my thinking behavior with each other.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried a couple of typical doses and chemical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts change.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some surprised versions of it.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be argument.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to figure out a problem I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve when I adjust those hormones and neurosurgeons and so on, I was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my idea of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference, how I get those mental images that I use to create protection, my ideas, if you want to do it? So try to try and try and make some situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
philosophers like Humbeage, Derekals and Hobbes look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are now those who questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me is simple: for most of us, mental imagery is fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I get to find the right point and I have lots of great mental elements, really vivid graves, good sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take quickly these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use its imagination only to drive the world that has the front of the first?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way the creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Gibby Gandhi and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the brain scan of that same individual while you imagined that same image.
The column on the right was created by destroying the contents of the central column on the left, and you see the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost non-zero-sum image.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recycled visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they scanned their brains to create a large range of brain reactions before video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as soon as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan was decoding it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer drugs, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us blows.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution systems available today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open up the skull and introduce electrodes together.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of them are proposing new projections of projections for images -- even I -- with the recent result of the MRI -- first we should ask the next question, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI was to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding -- in transitions and decorations of fragrical radio frequency in MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns to the French radio frequencies of Fred.
So when you combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the primary FM fraction, we can increase a massive form of information that can be extracted in a single scene.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the Iraq we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood or the of the hormones and selections that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking directly?
What would we be able?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of the human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be incredibly incredibly unable to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options than opening this door.
Anyway, do you choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that taking a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay cartoon.
I think we all have arms.
His arms may be to tell some person for the first time that love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have caught in life.
All arms is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can really vary -- the experience of having lived and out of that closet is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side California Cancer Carden, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the laptop military, I won't break my algorithms, I will quote the letters of Ann di France as a remotely.
And I will be striked that by the hospital of my short screen and I had taken my head back, I would usually ask a small child, "Hey, you're a kid or girl?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would bet my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a lady of radio.
The father would underwater the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would breathe in the inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was ready and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the Betty French quote.
The Guinea Stevenson quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Montages I would show you.
So I breathe down and I went down and I went down and my stores a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist ladies, just a girl with a question: "Are you boy or girl?
And then I breathe again, I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have a short hair like a kid, and I see a child, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pig.
Well, I'm more than a little bit more than a pig."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a painter, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the paint that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl in the pack and I, both of us were honest with the other.
As many of us, I've lived in some oranges in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a shame.
That's how my arms is not unlike yours or yours or yours.
I mean, I will give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me what to explain to someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying that it's been decided?
Who can tell me that this story that is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son that you're going to divide you?
There's no more difficult thing, there is only a difficult thing.
We need to stop taking care of what is difficult about what's difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that doesn't matter what your walls are made -- a current is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and tall shoe shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four year-old child who would get into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear of my dark curriculum pushing my gay graphic, and moving alone a muscle is the most ambitious thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, full of strangers that I have spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world was turned to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that graduate, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable grass launches was in my sister.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor lady drugs, in my black dress and tages -- I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me for years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lane."
And the gay story battle had begun.
"Sauli, have you ever been in the Carolina?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fabulous.
"Come on, meet my status Antarctica?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having a girl."
"Steel, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program? Will and Grace and Grace and Grace and Grace program."
And you know who you love: Jack does?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, declared but in hopes of showing desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink ships."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains of gravity.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt likely to be.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were striked.
And what else can you ask someone, but space?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations remain not my strong point.
Ask anyone I have come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Cambodia Girl.
Now, please see this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any terrorism is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the arms. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no arms, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be general, others must know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be straight -- just give them directions. You just give them your paradox.
If you know you're gay, you give it.
If you tell your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give you a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You can never apologize for that.
And some of them can go out safe wounds -- forgive for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be disappeared, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a screen current by making a graduate, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bolivia. Enjoy the candle.
intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Propolitic Propose that "The question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim."
When Professor Republican wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing.
And so, some years ago, I had a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
Let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, you know nothing about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth or the New Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as territories, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race who knows nothing about this, that it has no concept about the Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until some time in time, the asteroids that reflect the surface of a planet musically stopped doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that were signating, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advanced for intelligence development, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together -- I asked a number of years -- is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of one and me to the intelligence I've ever seen.
So what you're seeing here is an application that intelligence is a force, F that acts in order to maximize the future of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the choices open with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible future, yes, until an impending future time, it does.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to be stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open.
And so by having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How productive is it?
Did you predict the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence do?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recently research in cosmology has suggested that universes that produce more destiny, or entropy during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technological connection there is between entropy and intelligence in a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software engine called International, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that you find inside.
Surprisingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence tests playing human games, and even making money by eating action, all of which would have been done to do that.
Here are some examples of International Activity.
Just like a foot of foot without doing, here we see International basically balancing a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Internet a goal.
He simply decided to balance the position.
This equilibrium ability will have applications for human robotics and human care technologies.
This ability to use tools in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from the opposite extremes of a string at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
It is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game against itself, illustrate their potential for the game.
So here we see Internet origin new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network that was connected to success.
This same network agency capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see entropy organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Portugal specifically discover and execute a budget strategy, ventre in a simulated series of action of actions, successfully increasing assets under their management exponentially.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Williams: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behavior as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them have a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So let's go back at the beginning of the use of the term robot, the "Great work -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion, as well.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then molecules and that they try to get into the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than the other.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And they often ask me, "How is it that looking for goals is about this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the concert of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the clean intensity of the stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets besides the distance between them and their stem star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
At the same time, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasures of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is reading under the weight of humanity.
2011 was the most hot recorded.
Glaciers and marine ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused at the global scale have gone up quickly our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomy.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say it looks for alien opportunities in the intelligent sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for planets like Earth, the more enjoying our own planet.
Every single one of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet in recent discovered and planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world shown by a mission like the Kepler of the Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like Curation Curation its surface in pursuit of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MAPS mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their skill.
The private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the idealistic ideas and pioneers compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be collected, places really awkward compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and remote of oxygen beyond our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars collaboration and other prototypes that I have a big and sad shadow. The implications and the belief of some of them that Mars will expect to save us from this inflationary authority of the only planet that we know is truly salt, Earth.
And so I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the patent of the Titanic is going to be a place later in the Saudi boats --   Thank you.
But the targets for interplanetary exploration and land preservation is not contradictory.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, preserving and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien panels.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep spaces, in the hostile and indicator areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment. Ferrow park.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked asked -- having in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the experience of extraterrestrial life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become technological advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planet is protecting the origin of the planets that put this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the interplanetary pollution will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to encourage the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all of the other doors and windows and they were all right.
I thought I would call a retrospect, at least I had my cell phone, but in the midnight, a retreat could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I grew up my passport.
It would be expensive, but it was sure that it was not more expensive than a middle in a middle of night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was a good stop.
I'm a profession of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correlate liberation that increases heart rhythm, modulation levels of adrenaline and nuclear thinking.
And when I got to the facility showed in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which prevent bad things.
Or at least if you happen bad things, which mimics the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't criminal.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahbeama, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prostituted resistance.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Kleiner, who had written this a few years before, known as the premicre.
You all know what the post-confidence.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the pressure, as Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about is some of the things we can do in the form of a pregnancy.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis based on how our space memory.
There is a structure in the brain called history, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow of the location of important things, where the fish is, where fish are -- the fruit trees -- where the friends and friends are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is blown in the London taxes.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the optical sense of the squirrel and you still could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys, legislation and passions.
So at home you get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading goggles.
If you take a place and you are surprises with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, leadership lawyer, passenger, send it to themselves to be on the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases curiosity.
Correction is toxic and entrepreneurs thinking.
So part of the predictable practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is built as a proposition for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of facts would be.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, brain desert.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I'd like to get a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a status."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recipe drugs in the world today -- even if you know people to take them.
So you think, "Yes, I get the status."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that should be asked from which most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number required to treat.
And what is this, NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before they help one person.
And you should think of what kind of decentralized statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's somebody else's fault.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of the Giano that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number required to treat the most widely recipe status -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before they help a person?
300 percent.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jerusalem Ground and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bell.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, break brain or other adverse events.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol is going to go down.
Why not? do I get the recipe anyway?
But then you have to ask for a student more, and it's shot for the side effects -- right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those things include terrible things -- deliberate muscle and articulate pain pain -- but now you think, five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the chain chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the strategy.
I just say you must have this conversation with your physician.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to assume the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery that is more being done in the older men in 50, the number required for cancer, the number required to treat is 49.
That's how it is, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the importance or error dysfunction -- ironically, area income, fresh section, fecal income.
And if you have lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of premise is to think before the questions that you can pretend to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life than could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that talk and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the time, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases correlate under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that you turn a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predator -- it's not necessary the digestive system, or the life or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast, it could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kansa and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail at a time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help me minimize damage, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
By talking to the night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key of the entrance door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of emails that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "Paste is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing substantially.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a past in the party, you need to play more substantial.
Two petters, even more substantial.
Four peace, extremely soft smooth.
This is my drawing of a past tree, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of bread may be, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the ATL: also a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came during the 1800s, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and the language is developed that we now know as ATL.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sounds is as if I lived in a foreign country, following certainly their rules, useful, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my stacks and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't support the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise in eating the friendship favorite paper."
"Don't grow, and when you're eating, I will make sure not to throw the covers on the plate."
I call this sound scan."
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does.
I am a super-endemic supermarket.
And I'm always waiting for nervous the sound, which is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide that.
TBP: So for continuing to go.
TBP: So adjust.
You can see that parachute doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle borders and mountains.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for the psychology at the ATL.
A typical pillar has five lines.
However, for me, I'm going to do that with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all auditorium.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything I had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and give it to it.
I began to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was a sign, it was some of a young person.
And sound is so powerful that I could well relate to me and my artistic job, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I would empower.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations from ATL.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I asked their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value -- like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't go on with this practice, I feel that I could stay in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ATL.
For example, a musical note you can't capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept at ATL.
The two are very space and highly modular things that mean that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals and the sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the Atlantic works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Atlantic is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression -- the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so as you play the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you just put a keyboard at a time.
However, the Atlantic is more like a comet, you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea at ATL.
If only a touch would change the accident, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and family and volume.
In ATL, by using these different grammar parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the picture of the painter in that."
This is the picture sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, they beat me.
Ooh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, base.
So I started thinking, and if I see the Atlantic through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single single single silence, the sun comes out and you put it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, visually looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of night, "Nice "So "I land "The night?  "All night.
I feel that the third one has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed at ATL and how distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one is a hand, two hospitals, is two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then past? Use "I use the last and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was one time."
Common time," it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "completely -- I think automatically at the same time."
Look at Duary -- right hand right, E, left hand.
We have the pillar through the head and the chest.
(Music: Mom, sheet for footprint "Simplified," MIT, "stop forest? I'm going to teach you a form of the hand called "a "stop "age."
Can you do it with me?
All hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head as the chest, something like common time or "India?
Yeah, very good.
That means "age in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "collection at the ATL.
Now, the third one. Please take me back again.
And again.
It's "Life" at ATL.
We're going to do the three together.
"Learn, "closing and "charity."
Good work all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Atlantic is alive and present, like music.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And only because the Atlantic has no sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the Atlantic to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ATLAR: You don't have to hear to learn music.
The ATL is a rich test and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kahrenship -- Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can use it all, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble, I have to say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also understanding and they're not very good at cleaning the others.
And now I am an adult and I teach citizen and invention at the Harvard School of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach, they have lots of garbage ships.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't have it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a smart thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big eggs and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we have to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this message of work with airplane airplane for children to be able to participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are very cool and safe.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragile.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits, we will only collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a Proton."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch.
And we transform laboratories and web cameras, and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and for the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating up slowly through the sensor while the computer itself will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get a parking estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step in a website for inventors called Industries, with the hope that somebody even even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they got the Internet, and they played with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning an oil spill -- only using the hands, in Swinless, the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water they drink, it's the water in which they bathe the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown up, the bar and the oil is also brown by brown color, and when everything is mixed up, it's very difficult to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called start, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be used through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remote other children.
"I can investigate a problem at distance I saw myself forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further away, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I am half Japanese and fragile half and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there are several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami devotes destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima -- a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has a a 173 pollution.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fundamin radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe looks, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fundamental every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with radiation all its life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do after, the strategies and the interstation, etc.
And to do this, we created a reductionistic map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the electronics map, we introduced movies to represent data in real time of radiation, and we record water to simulate rain.
So with this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and it delivered in the ocean.
It was a parking estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to a mile of the nuclear center, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting sediments of sea milk with a sediment of sediment as we invented and build.
Here we see a progress. We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been more and more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit so much, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical physics, basically, can be built almost from all there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids of children can become really really about adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students, attack." Acceleration."
Cass Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age by transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles.
plastic, oil and radioactive are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators -- we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two computer cells, two radically opposite culture.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk story.
One is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is important about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the male in brute, he saw a figure that she fights for being free.
The movie was just a single Michael teacher tool.
But living beings are not centering.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information it required it for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by records of manufacturing and mass production.
Montage lines have designed a world made out of parts, by looking at the imagination of designers and architects that are trained to think of their objects as distributed parts of different functions.
But you don't find metaphorical materials in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skin spiders are thin with diagram parties.
The skin skins are more thick with little parts.
You act primarily as filters -- the other primarily as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no employment.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the climbing and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the study and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and steals, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, in its simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and close to growth.
You probably ask, "Why now?
Why wasn't it possible to do this 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they connect four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales of scale, a large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope of a version of a damage of a 24-year-old diameter that some day is not very distant to print entire buildings, and graphics to nano-footprint mechanisms that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvented the collapse, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every opening is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through him.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a fall. This was for a fashion detector in Paris with Iran van Steven. It's like a second skin made from a single piece of a single piece, ridiculous in the controls, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator -- we printed this layer and faller 3D past with the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microbes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing them to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time, comfort, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this artificial surface pattern becomes substance.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in video, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by addiction of another material or another standard, but vary continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it ideal nature, right?
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and got to define a lot of what matters to me.
As she relaxes, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit charged tree of fruit."
For that first frugal tree, there would be no difference between transport, branches and leaves and fruit fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches -- cortex, tablets and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would design be if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the cave cave, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crab, schools and brands.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-experienced structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marine.  We asked a lot of shops of shrimp, we multiply them and we produced the shower floor.
Variable chemical concentration, we have been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a large scale, a system was built with multiple sketches of extraordinary entrepreneurial extraordinary.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3.5 feet long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why are we still designing plasticity?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical mechanisms that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increased the bacteria designed genetically to capture carefully carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of looking at malaria, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit charged tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp candidates in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to bend, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the floor, help grow a tree.
The anthropologist for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We are looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we did our own elements of elements -- new forms of life created computer, made in adult and biological shape.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid alarm, only instead of transforming beautiful metals -- they synthesize new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing -- two microscopes.
The first is the cyclising.
It lives in our oceans and the fresh water tank.
And the second one, E. hid, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To keep these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital traffic, which will help them flow these bacteria and they can alter their way to their way.
And so we started to grow those channels in the human body, vary the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular digital system, when it would stretch from one end to another, it was about 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our disabled gut.
And here it is, as the first at TED, our first profit photographer, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Shenzhen said, "We are creatures last creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue and suspend our bodies, right?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows. It adds society.
This carbon cocoon for example, creates an highly sophisticated architecture -- a home inside that metals.
The non-level manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concepts.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to break a computer of compression.
Tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the shop.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when we put the silk worm on a flat park, not inside a box, we realized that it would be a flat cocoon and still metabolizing the metabolizing coal.
So we started designing different environments and different administrations, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get rid of silk worms to death inside their calculus, their silk destroys and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without having a single cat.
They were significantly motivated and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hipproded robot making silk plants, and we put in our site.
We knew that silk worms to more dark and cold areas so we use a solar road diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abuses, to block the rays of light and heat -- distribution the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the gardens.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a line farm online.
And after feeding four weeks, they were ready to smell with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they were they they were shifting, they were shooting, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
As a biological silk on the robotic silk robotics, they give all this pattern its integrity.
And in little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 submersibles of silk have 650 miles.
In a symmetry curious -- this is also the length of silk route.
The polls, after the economy, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra patterns in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here it is to a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads to a design inspired by nature to a nature of inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be greater?
If you had to remember how old you were asked for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be greater?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be greater?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the killing and art and developing websites -- besides, I played the guitar.
You may have heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persist in every way, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of abuse, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes? I've found my myself mine and then again this point where I start to bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and let me be broken.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad about me not going to define anything.
I was worried to have fear of compromise or being disappeared, or self-assembly or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have planned then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it. They learned from culture.
You ask us first "What do you want to be greater?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer at that age.
It's considered a naive question to produce nice answers in children like, "Be astronaut or "I want to be a paradox."
They're going to be inspired by Haiti headline.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different forms, come out, to school students who are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be greater?
It's going to be the cute exercise of before you take the dream out.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they are good intentional adults maybe they laugh and say, "Oh, what a nice thing, but you can't be a violence and police anthropologist.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Charles    and he is violence and psychologists.
And this Amy Nino, magazine editor converted into illustration, entrepreneurs, professor and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of financial life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vocalization, the idea that each one of us has something to spend for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel like there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplicity.
A crowd is somebody with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a battery for that.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that come up with the same idea, as a research, reconstruction.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shrenber refers to us as scanners."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplicity as limited or accident that you have to see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths about being like this.
Here are three multinational superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
So the Hamas and Rachel Bina expressed their interests shared in cartoon, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Mexico.
Mesocaher is a company which creates geographically inspired jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry jewelry comets.
Shake and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his electronic electronics of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in interactions.
That's where new ideas.
And multiple people, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowd is interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're being used to be printing, because it has been many times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to each new area that we preserve, so we rarely start from zero.
Norman Dune is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a little girl as a little bit of an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before I became writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling landscapes for publishers to write convenient.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you're attracted to you, even if at the end of the date.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform into anything that you need in a given situation.
Abed Caper is sometimes director of videos, other people who are web pages -- sometimes consumer people, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The journal Face Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be pioneered to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really thrive.
Some ideas of ideas, quick learning and adaptation, three skills where the crowd are very hole, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the crowd to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a specialists and a multiplication.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and multinational offers an advantage of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that govern how we are connected.
And unfortunately, multiple people in a large part are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there is one thing you take away from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the inner category, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then it means all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multinational in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with your many passions.
Keep its curiosity for those computer drugs.
They explore the intersection.
Arranging our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and more happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiple people, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In the year 1908, to a woman called Superman he took a psychiatric in France.
It was dealing and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alasks.
Alanas didn't know how to help Sudan, but it was flying for her until that, unfortunately, failed in 1906.
After his death, Alanas did a authority and found weird and trivial plates in the brain of Superman, of a guy who had never seen before.
The even more surprising.
If Sweden had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Alanas gave him 144 years ago.
Alasks were Dr. Allenders Alzheimer's.
And Super Detai, the first patient to receive a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect from the infections, a lot of treatments for cancer -- anti-pounds for HIV, status for the cardiac and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to include many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the chance of getting Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their teenage years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's little friend.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in the disease of Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and the cost of the five times in 2050, as you get the generation of the baby baby.
It may be surprised to you, but Alzheimer's one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's the only one you can't prevent or cure or even slow down their development.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should be, but everybody should be a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 144 years, everybody, even scientists, trust Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be healthy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only one picture of a picture of a healthy living brain compared to a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to determining a severe loss of memory and mental skills -- damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significant life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and triples in the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are painful.
And when you fold well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
So this makes protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form large plates and tiniest.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps -- and the idea of what step to block is complex, like defining a bomb.
Curve a wire could do anything.
Curve others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, at the most part, the wires have reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms in progress.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 145 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it grows that hope, to come up with Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to believe that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercised pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move at HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to come up with cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too depressed to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Superman, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help by talking for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Modern column, in January of this year.
To love somebody, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I tried to test it one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are taken to get 36 and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As it advances, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- this really likes -- I want to tell your partner what you thank you or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you would not say to somebody you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love me.
However, we love, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the column love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, you still have to ask yourself, you still go on there?
And the reason I think you care about this is because they've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been compelled to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views like much, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times is probably a few thousand views.
And that took a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But he had no idea.
The article was published online, a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday had already called me the Toro Show and the World Montana America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with sensitivity about our own love, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: still continue together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email in my email with the phrase, "Are they still following together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were of students and journalists and of weird corners like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even a talk, and a woman scream up to the stage, "Hey Manda where is your novel?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have been able to have been able to have a living.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very restauranted with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both do a public app together.
It was reconcile of television interviews, and you cut pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the inventors of the engineering process -- a range for which I didn't feel at absolute qualitative.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really works, or whether it was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially people would pose the wrong question.
How do you know if we would follow together or not, and let me tell you about it?
If the answer was no, would it make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for internal approach between college students, using what Iran called sustainable personal openness, progressive and recycled.
Sounds romantic -- right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several studies were also used by Provider Fishing Rating as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of the police and the community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tested last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal art, and then a student approached me and told me with the temperature?
He seemed discovered by it.
I said, "You want to say that you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause, OK.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends?
Did you feel that they did better know about testing the study?
The assistant.
So, it works? I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's about love.
I stumbled on the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was running a really difficult separation of separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was particularly all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or she could live without him.
So I was flying in science.
Everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could sort of vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was stuck with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel like I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than I can reasonably demand to me.
What I'm looking for love is a string, not just about being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I will keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very backward story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of the story.
The version of the story that I ask -- still follow together?
And his content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who isn't it?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know how to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, this is this: a year ago, a known study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing as to remain love.
And to love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We keep in love because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit embarrassed by reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to do.
Not to consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much times I have to keep making that choice without knowing before if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and nice, and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the end of my article implicit in the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few monkeys in broad mountain, and in a way, I got like a forest gentleman.
New York City a time ago.  Something that really affected me, but more detail forward.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaghetti spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you because I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time when I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exception and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collapse for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I walked up all the pages and I had a kind of crazy calculators to the Agnes Martin, the Reserve covered it, and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and she's allergic to them, so I added more resistance in the canvas, thinking he could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed that it increased size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying language.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realize that God I can draw in space.
I can flow transplants, draw the same thing around a campaign on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own temperature of invented species.
First of all, both of them will be able to make an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Sirperate.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human shape, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window and another window and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work has a very big thing that I call "tragic?
For the "programming Institute, I was inspired by "The Garden of Development Development Departments?
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the train." explaining this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the locals.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analogical mesh industry where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animals are headed to the flash, ready to suicide the mass on the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god strapped to a hack.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horkeful -- the phone platform of the desert -- Walmart, the refugee of Osama bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very good in the ocean.
And anyway, a kind of a woman kind of woman.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I heard oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like balls, and it looks like a microscopic being the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a set of the trade."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a tropical thing, like a bird of bird, and you hear clouds of this game.
It also has a 500 feet long a seat of snake that unites the train."
Anyway, his tail is there fired when you stand on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go by, you know.
His tail ends up in a collaborator military balloon made from terrorists from 1982.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very close to their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being engineered, dictionary or magazines.
But each of you acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope object that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can bring the entrance up.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body. There's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or non-shine, or whatever it has, a kind of angry thing.
It's a quick step of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body body in half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are little pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little forest scene inside of the tower civilization.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pinewater World.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painting, a musician, a radio emission, a museum, a radio, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We looked at the box and all the people in the inside hits each other like particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with hunter and genuinely we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
They take an application.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicational system for any drug medication in the body.
The detail, though, is that by doing it any drug is diagram.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CDC cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to the blood stream, they dilute and the worse and worse for the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where most of the time is most important.
These are regions of the body like the lymph girls, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is inexperienced and it doesn't get easily in the blood storm of the patients that go to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life treatment by ordinary life.
And one day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the destination of the virus, without the risk of dilemma from drugs?
As a scientific expert, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in obstacle, for the care of diabetes and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything to imagine -- including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes that open up and close all the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
And they say, "How is that possible?
We sent a little bit of a laser beam on the cell membranes infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds of microscopes.
Before I even realized, the hole is immediately reported.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incident on the infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the infection. Whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to total eradication of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the notes of states, states, armed organizations like terrorists, insurance or microscopes.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand more of these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a state disorder.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 216 arrangements of signed peace between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups. We should even involve them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one analyze what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and political policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Leone Libbor, known by his violent face against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, Heart also has established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinian, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also admitted the Gaza Francisco since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels and web websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Israeli magazine, printed in English and published to recover.
Artistic groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without silent, but through relative businesses for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to get better and build their brand.
And armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put together programs of professional training or microscopes.
Hellow offers all these services and more.
Artistic groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that is not briefly, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the Israelity accelerator, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an inspired price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap leaves the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are heroism.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated organizations are these organizations, less we can punish them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Hearth?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they collect the garbage -- they take the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebuilding group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is Israel?
The lines are devoted.
We live in a world of states -- no state and hybrids -- and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East, the more intervene and they fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and get the peace.
If we understand better groups, we understand better what incentive to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new display between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle. But it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that vehicle of security to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very very, but I fear that accepting the feminist tag would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I get stuck as a bad feminist.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminist" and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Melari Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke that was destined to myself and a deliberate production has become a little bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the festivals, these furry women angry with men and who hated sex as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when they insist that it could be feminist to be.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation.
They tag me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asks too much with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are actually, the women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have a right to travel around the world as we want, free of bullying.
We have a right to use very easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or electrical doctrines or electrical.
We have the right to the respect.
There are more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other identity.
We are not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality and social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have in account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of it.
I have another conference.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music previous all over volume.
Although the letter degraded to women, and I was deeply offered by the classic Santa Shake of the Yielse Long Twisters is incredible.
Make it reality with your display ship.
Pregnancy, damage, move until you hurt your collapse."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the care of junk and the machine maintenance and manipulation.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
enjoying the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bacter and the romantic comedy -- and I have a lot of adaptations of the fairy stories that make a reality.
Some of my delicates are more disappeared.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confronted so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
So let's solve this problem.
Resurrected conventional feminism that has ignored or destroyed historically the needs of the women of color, the workers and the workers and transitions, in favor of white women, heroism, middle class and high.
Listen to, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist actually.
The next thing happens: as a feminist -- a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put females on a paper.
We hope they get to perfection.
When we get decision, we would stop them with a lot of taste from the same grass where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I think about that piece before I try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I am a feminism for fear of what that tag means for fear of not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to match the really realistic expectations.
Take Bell, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In video Music Muslim Arabic Sandwich, in MP3, it acts in front of the three-dimensional word for three meters of height.
It was a magnificent show, to see this paper star embracing the feminist and making women know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
passed, cultural critics started interesting debates if Bell was or not exactly feminist feminist.
They calculated their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfect feminist, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much carefully a lot.
We go far beyond sensitive and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, destroying it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Brother feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our impressions to realize, going to action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we remove the change affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does his music have to be so puzzled?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow up in a world.
They are appreciated by strong creatures that are.
And I think about them, suddenly, the best choice is visually improvising as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sports -- it's the God game.
We can change radio emission when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie in another part when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates like book sands.
In any case, men, especially white men, the heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, both to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publish or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are sustainably sustainable, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision sponsors.
Because we're not permanent better. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements will mean very little.
We can make these little valley acts and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direct power and the producers of film and music and music, CEOs, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also take advantage of our feminism, well, bad, or any of the terms.
The last line of my book "Because "Mosquito Feminist," says, "I want to be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen to me and the feminist helped me to regain it.
There was an incident.
I call it the incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids hit me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I began to believe that it was nothing.
And they stole my voice, and after all, I don't think I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it, I went back to me.
I become a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started believing that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliate reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you need a little bit of value.
Right after Christmas last year, 123 children in California had saving by having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Bench.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than a half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Bronx Bronx had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, wasn't it the article that unleashed the dynamics about autism and developed vaccines and discovered and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical British?
Does it don't believe most intelligent scientists that the vaccine cause autism is a stream?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are going to be able to put their children in danger.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise estimates in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about her creating their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers began to shoot up.
Foundation organizations like Australia Spides are referred to autism as an epidemic as an epidemic as if I could tell you about another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases as excited diagnostic crisis," and "One better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and close progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how he discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kane, at Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1949, Manhattan published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to run private worlds, not notice people around them, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours waving their hands before their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic for mentality as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanton speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declare that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome as they collect references of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not strange, because the Kanders of Kansa for the diagnosis of autism were very resilient.
For example, I would take that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
He once claimed that he had turned to nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to her control for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kane was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainly.
And autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and discovered.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kansa noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they turned the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite discussions, he correctly said, "Hey.
But Kansa had a bad opinion of these skills, by taking things like the kids were simply regurgitating what they had heard their parents perfect, desperate to win their approval to it.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the Kongola theory that autism was weird.
London Window, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the Hebrew mothers in Manhattan was quite stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and family, London and their colleague, Judith Golf decided to do something that you should have done 30 years before.
They conducted a prostitution study in the general population.
They painted a suburb from London called Carrel to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
And what they saw was that the Kansa model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, while others were embedded in their fascination by astronomy, in dinosaurs or in the genius of reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and scary squares as Jupiter, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Manhattan model of Kansa would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have rescued these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year in the article of Manhattan, and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kane knew about this professor of competition, but he avoided universal to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to the English, but luckily, the husband of London was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Ashroyal, who runs a clinic integrated with a high school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were even software for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asheada described it as a political disability of life that requires compassionate forms of support and spaces in the course of the entire life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally, Ashan saw autism as a diverse continuum that came up with a surprising variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the sourced social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He went beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
London and Judai discovered that Kansa was wrong in which autism was increased, as well as the parents were causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the diagnosis of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called authority sports."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into visit, holding the limited model of Manhattan by a broad and inclusive Apple.
These changes didn't fall in broken sature.
Castly, when London and Judy worked between batteries to reform these criteria, people around the world see an adult adult for the first time.
Before Ran Manha" came out in 1988, just a little circle, I knew for experts knew what the autism was, but after the inequality of Duston Hawaii and the recognition of Rando Manhatta" with four awards of the Academy Academy, pedestalt, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
Range Manhatta" combination in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnoses started to breathe, like they predicted Lord and Jupiter, they actually hoped that it was going to be, getting people with autism, and their families finally got the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Watchani came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful and seductive history as bad as Kanton theory that autism was increased.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic groups are one of the largest mineral groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances, when the term neuroscience to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social and suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asteroid, which thinks that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named Voice Zacks once said, "We need every hand on covered to address the boat of humanity."
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to wake up a brain.
Thank you.
